BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out very deep dark brown with a nice brown head. The aroma is of light hops and mild malt. The mouthfeel is right on the verge of being thick. The taste are of roasted malts, mild chocolate and light hops." END
BEGIN NOW "On tap at Faust @ The Dean Hotel in downtown Providence, Rhode Island.  One of the best I had in this style.  Straight from Germany so that probably explains it.  I mean, this is a lot better than Guinness Black Lager.  Semi-creamy texture.  Dark brown appearance.  Flavors of caramel malt and roasted barley, with a very mild hop ending.  I'll look out for this next time I am shopping in the imported aisle." END
BEGIN NOW "This brew can be a model for other schwarzbier.Great clean color, nice glass top, very good aromas. Smooth in the taste and finish.All around very nicely done.Would love to have it on draught." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a barely translucent cola brown with a fairly thick light tan head. Aroma has a core of roast malt and hints of caramel and woody hops. Flavor echoes the roast malt with woody and caramel sub-tones, rather tasty and pleasing. Smooth texture has about average thickness and decent fizz. Prost!" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a thick creamy brownish head. Ok lacing. Has a very dark brown/black appearance. Aromas of yeast, roasted malts, breads and resin hops. Also toasty and vanilla scents. Flavours are toasty, roasted malts, toffee, notes of caramel. Hints of vanilla, sweet/dark malts, grainy and molasses. Nice balance of sweetness and bitterness. Slightly oily, creamy mouthfeel and mouthcoating sensation. Lively carbonation. Goes down really smooth. Great beer!" END
BEGIN NOW Spaten Oktoberfest Beer is amber in color. This medium bodied beer has achieved its impeccable taste by balancing the roasted malt flavor with the perfect amount of hops. Having a rich textured palate with an underlying sweetness true to tradition. END
BEGIN NOW "500 ml capped bottle. Poured in  the original Spaten Oktoberfestbier glass, anno 1998, a crystal clear and golden-yellow colored Festbier with a two fingers creamy, dense, fine and almost white foamy head that had a very long retention and tons of micro bubbles. Active carbonation. Good lacing. The aroma is sweety malts, grassy hops, hay and a not expected barnyard. The flavour is sweety grainy malts, bready, biscuits, a touch of caramel and grassy hops. The mouthfeel is light crispy, creamy, sweety and quite thin. The texture is oily. This medium bodied Festbier has a dry light bitter finish. A not very exiting Festbier. The bottle-tasting at home is surely more strict than, on tap, under a huge tent in a great german city, but also more fair." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear yellow with white foam head. Aroma is normal for a german beer. Creamy taste, little bitter, a good German beer. Good aftertaste. (Walldorf 201310) " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours clear dark amber with a soapy, biege head that dissipates slowly. Very little lacing is left on the glass. There are smells of roasted malts. It's a pretty clean smell. The taste is bready with some sweetness. It has a cracker like flavor. There isn't much flavor from the hops, but they are there on the back end. There's a mild astringent aftertaste. The body is light and there isn't a lot of carbonation. The finish is crisp and dry. The drinkability is good. Overall, this is an average beer. I wasn't a big fan of this one, but like many German beers, I'm sure I would have a better opinion of it if I drank it in Germany." END
BEGIN NOW "This is a beautiful dark gold pour that leaves the mouth watering.  A huge white cap awaits.  Cereal and weak floral hops permeate the air, while the flavour is slightly sweet with fruitish hints." END
BEGIN NOW "On tap @ Bearden Beer Mrkt's Okotberfest celebration: Pours a medium amber yellow color with a tight white head and decent lacing.   Aromas of Noble hops, earthy and lightly floral, very slightly sweetened malts. Taste is malty sweetness balanced with Noble hops with a slight bitter finish.  Decent O'Fest." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW " very skunky aroma as soon as the bottle is opened. Looks good during and after the pour, but does not taste good. over hyped beer in my opinion......." END
BEGIN NOW "Skunky smelling beer that is best served ice cold. It smooth up front but bitter on the back. It is the best choice to go with a hotdog at the ball park. Over the other light pale lagers served there." END
BEGIN NOW "I really do not understand why this apparently is THE brand in the world, nothing special about this beer. I drink it just when I am very thursty and need some cooling down. Overrated in my opinion." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light golden/yellow colour with a good size bubbly head. Good lacing and carbonation. Aroma very light on the hops and not much else really. Taste is also light hops,along with corn and wheats, with some bitterness in the finish. Average beer but worth buying by the 24 (in quebec of course) for parties and fridge stock. " END
BEGIN NOW "I've tried this beer many times over the years and now seems to be a staple purchase on a regular basis. Not the cheapest and not expensive. Middle of the road taste, yes, but well worth the purchase when you can't afford buying micro-brewed beer all of the time. Sometimes skunky (depends on the batch), very slight corn taste, champagne-like carbonation and a clean finish. One of my all-time favorite beers. Heineken on draft is especially good!" END
BEGIN NOW Rogue's Shakespeare Stout received a 99, the highest score of the 309 beers in 44 categories at the 1994 World Beer Championships. The June/July 1998 issue of Men's Journal included Rogue Ales Shakespeare Stout as one of "The 100 Best Things to Eat in America."Based on Stuart Kallen's book, "The 50 Best Beers in the World", Shakespeare Stout was ranked the third best beer in the world and best American Beer--which makes it the World's Best Stout! END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle from the Hunger Mountain Coop in Vermont. Pours a real dark brown colour with hardly any highlights. Mocha brown coloured head, great retention and sticky lacing. Roasted malt aromas with lots of fruity notes from the malt. Hints of coffee, also found in the taste a little more. Takes over the fruitiness of the malt. Coffee lingers in the after taste with a little dryness from the hops, creating some mild bitterness. A nice beer but seems to me more like a regular porter than an oatmeal stout. Missing the creaminess and sweetness of one. Love Rogue, but not impressed with this one." END
BEGIN NOW "Great looking beer. Very dark brown, almost black. Good fluffy tan head that lasts. Not much lacing. Aroma of milk chocolate, coffee grinds and oatmeal.  Dark roast coffee, chocolate, oatmeal and quite a bitter flavour.  Smooth medium to full mouthfeel. Good stuff." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark black/brown with a 2 finder head that was a creamy brown.  beer is not transparent, no light can get though.  Aroma is very roasted with strong hints of coffee, chocolate and all around earthliness. I notice in the flavor right away that it was dry and slightly metallic.  has a very earthy tone to it along with the heavy roast malt.  Finishes off dry. Tastes very English to me.  A very high quality beer that tastes nice.  Enough said." END
BEGIN NOW "Havent had this beer for many many years, but it is somewhat of a longtime standard. Nice head, lingers for a whole. Rich and chocolately, much better than I remember. Lightly bitter, slightly creamy, no silky mouth hinting at some oats. Just a touch of brown toast at times. Good beer!" END
BEGIN NOW "pours an opaque black with a small thick tan head and great lacing. The aroma is mild, medium roasted oats and light bread. Nice but not much aroma. The taste is of sour dough bread, medium charred oats, unsweetened chocolate and a light touch of molasses. Dry, not sweet. The lingering aftertaste is a nice combination of charred oats and hop bitterenss.  END
BEGIN NOW The mouthfeel is medium body and light carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is rich, malty and spicy with a hint of yeast, quite inviting. It pours a clear dark amber, almost mahogany, with a thick pale orangy head. Rich flavor is malty, yeasty, spicy and slightly hoppy. Texture is fairly smooth, lively and fizzy, quite satisfying." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out a dark ice tea color with no head. The aroma is of yeast and malt. The mouthfeel is pretty solid. The taste is of honey,wheat , malt and figs. I have had a couple of the beers from this brewery and they are the best I've ever had from Canada. This sucker is full of spices !" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a hazy amber with a 2 finger off white head that seems to last a bit.  Carbonation is out of this world.  Aroma is quite strong with hints of fruits, cloves and yeast.  Slight pepper smell to it as well.  Taste is fairly strong with hints of fruits, Belgian yeast, pepper, and some cloves.  Ever slight metallic hint to it that stays for a bit that does not seem at all overwhelming.   Aftertaste is slightly metallic at first but then turns into a clove and apple cider mix.   Slight booze burn but it hide it very well.  Excellent beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured an average size foamy, bubbly head and has a dark hazy amber colour. Thin layer of head sticks around till the end. END
BEGIN NOW Has the usual yeasty Unibroue aromas, very much citrusy. END
BEGIN NOW Flavours of darker malts and hops. Very tarty. Dry fruits. Hint of caramel. END
BEGIN NOW Not as strong as expected, and pretty smooth for a higher abv brew. But then almost to be expected coming from Unibroue. END
BEGIN NOW Great tasting, smooth and strong beer. END
BEGIN NOW Good stuff." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a very dark brown amber and super hazy as well. A large off-white colored head as well.  The aroma is bitter like a lot of grassy hops and other herbal notes. A caramel candy sweetness. Spices. The taste is big fruity bitterness up front. A bit of sharp citrus and a little bit of darker fruits like figs and plums. A smooth bit of caramel in there. A strange blend of spices and pepper. Complex and blends well but no big stand out flavors.  It has a high carbonation but it works well for this beer and it goes down easy for an 8% beer. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW Origin:	Chambly, Quebec END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out just like at Belgium style should, cloudy and unfiltered. The aroma is fruity and of yeast. The mouthfeel is solid and the taste is of tons of wheat, yeast and malt almost like liquid desert." END
BEGIN NOW "Carefully cellared this for quite a few years, just getting around to it. Pours a cloudy golden honey brown with white lace, not looking as good as it probably did once. Sweet aroma of apple with a bit of banana and pineapple. The flavor has a bit more lemon, but it's still a lovely apple and banana with a clean finish. Fizzy, fruity, and wet yet brisk, a bit chewy. Not very beerlike, but delicious." END
BEGIN NOW "Another beer that I'm surprised I haven't already reviewed. Man, I really did give up on this whole rating thing. Pours clear at first, and becomes hazy as the sediment is disturbed. Bright golden orange color, copious fizzy head. Lots of light fruits, like apricots and and bit of pineapple zing. The spices are a nicely balanced. Hides all that ABV really well...I would never have thought this was a 9%-er if I hadn't read the label. A great beer to have with friends and dinner." END
BEGIN NOW "A twist off?  Kinda odd.  Anyhow...  Pours like pineapple juice and is very cloudy with sediment.  Well carbonated.  Aroma is very light but floral with spices and lemon.  Taste is quite sweet with hints of candy sugar, cloves, banana, and other spices.  Just you typical trippel from the old country but at a much more drinkable level. Not much funk or intensity.  For what it is it is easily drinkable.  Not much booze to it." END
BEGIN NOW "This is what it is...a good representation of the style, but not one of the best out there.  ABV% well hidden with flavors of wheat, fruit, yeast, etc.  I prefer the darker Unibroues, but this was available and wanted to try.  Been there done that here, definitely worth the try though." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours clear dark red with good white head. Aroma is sweet caramel, Belgian spice, some citrus and floral. Medium watery mouthfeel. Flavor is sweet caramel, some citrus and floral hops. Nothing special. " END
BEGIN NOW "pours a clear slightly dense dark copper body with a lumpy grey head that is supported by a strong carbonation of microbubbles.  The taste is soft fruity note from esters fades to a hop note but it is pretty clean.  The taste is dry flinty hops, a soft canned fruit note to a dry finish. There is a hop pungency that lingers but it fades as the beer opens. The mouthfeel is light bodied with a crisp carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW "Draft at restaurant eating mussels and french fries, a must when in Antwerp - although very touristic, also quality. light amber with good solid foam head. Sweet taste goes well with food, just the perfect beer at this moment. That's all, nothing special. (Antwerp 201201)" END
BEGIN NOW "De Koninck fails to impress me. It's an ok beer, but it fails to distinguish itself from other dark belgium ales. So it's just one of those beers that doesn't leave much of an impression. When served in it's original goblet it looks ok and the thin foamy head makes it a bit... uninviting. The taste is just as it looks, not really special, an ok dark beer. Hints of malt and sweet herbs. Not the best, certainly not the worst. " END
BEGIN NOW "Decent beer. Smells of sweet malt and a little vinegar (might be because it is an old bottle dated 2009). Pours with lots of floaties. Full body, mouthfeel and appearance. It's almost like a bock beer. Sweet malt and little hops dominate the flavor. Good beer but not what I would expect from a Belgium brewery. " END
BEGIN NOW Back in 1871, the first generation of the Moortgat family was already producing beer with their exacting craftsmanship, unfailing patience and above all, lots of love. END
BEGIN NOW "This is a really nice beer. If you are a fan of the Belgium styles you MUST try this! Has nice floral and fruit notes at the nose and has a lovely color and head when poured. I can hammer a good amount of these back in a session and the ABV is nothing to shake a stick at either. It'll do the job :) END
BEGIN NOW More? Yes, please!" END
BEGIN NOW "pour a very cloudy yellow, with a nice head that hangs around for a while. has a nice fruity aroma.  Very smooth flavor a little fruity and grassy but definitely tasty. This is an excellent beer to drink with a meal." END
BEGIN NOW "One of my favorites, although not too special in taste. Just love the foam head. Somwhat darker clear yellow with some CO2. Great bitter taste, lasting long." END
BEGIN NOW "Duvel has it all. When served in the original Duvel glass with the enormous foam head on top of it completes it. When tasted you'll experience a hoppy bitterness with a powerful aftertaste with it." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear straw yellow/gold color with a very thick, soapy, white head with both large and small bubbles.  Head retetnion was excellent with lots of lacing.  Tons of bubbles rising to the top.  Very clean smelling.  Some lemony citrus hops with some bready malts.  Smells nice and fruity all around.  Very fresh.  No real alcohol notes stand out.  Balanced nicely.  At the end, some spice or peppery notes made an appearnace.  A slight lemony flavor with a touch of alcohol.  Even detecting a "green" apple flavor.  Very well balanced and prominent.  The alcohol is rather favoriable and light.  Medium mouthfeel.  Dry, crisp and smooth with some light alcohol warmth and bite.  Covers the palate admirably and evenly.  Well... this beer is really good, however I didn't flip for it like some seem to.  I am more than happy to drink it and it is very well balanced.  Personally, I don't want to drink it continuously.  I could have a few.  With the high ABV, one might have to watch themselves with this.  It does come in a cool little bottle though.  " END
BEGIN NOW Long before hops were common in most beers, various fruits and vegetables were used to season beers. The acidity of Lambic beers blends perfectly with raspberries. END
BEGIN NOW "I believe this to be my first Lambic. Poured a nice light red, with a tight top. Aromas are very much raspberry. Seemed more tart than i was used to. Had a nice flavor to it. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a big frothy pinkish head and has a burgundy like colour with ruby highlights for appearance. Thick dirty lacing. Aromas are noticeably fruity, raspberries for sure, faint hints of dark type fruits like cherries. Some yeasty notes as well. Quite fruitful flavours with raspberries the main draw for sure. Fairly sweet and has slight sour notes. Full bodied mouthfeel." END
BEGIN NOW "A beautiful reddish brown with a nice, thick, persistent head. Aroma is strongly fruity, mainly raspberry, with some spicy hints. Raspberry dominates the sweet malty flavor. Drinking this beer is almost like drinking raspberry-flavored pop, so it could be insidious!" END
BEGIN NOW "750ml bottle END
BEGIN NOW "Okay at the Tobacco Locker we call this the "Pallet Cleanser". I know this is a beer but it's more like a wine cooler. It taste sweet and great with just the perfect amount of raspberry flavor. We like to share a bottle between cigars. So that we can better taste the difference in our premium hand rolled. The ladies really dig it too." END
BEGIN NOW In origin, this sweet-acid drink was obtained by adding fresh black cherries to a barrel Lambic of 6 months young. The addition of fruits provokes a new fermentation in the oak barrels. After another 8 to 12 months, only peels and stones left and the Kriek-Lambic is ready to be filtered and bottled. The residual sugar can be adjusted with straight-on fruit juice to give a refermentation in the bottle. This traditional type of fruit beer is more acid and less fruity. END
BEGIN NOW "I enjoyed this beer at a beer dinner last winter. It wss paired with a tapas course of duck confit in a pastry wrap with a winter squash puree and a couple strips of root vegtable. It was perfect! This could be the best with turkey as well. Crisp, fruity, not near as sweet as white zinfindel. I don't know the cost because it was part of a package price for the dinner. " END
BEGIN NOW "This bottle has been carefully cellared for a few years. For some reason I thought it was framboise, which I've reviewed before and wanted to test after some maturing. Nope, kriek. I'll have to compare it to fresh in the future. The color is very ruddy brown with just a hint of fine white lace on top. It smells of sweet candied cherry over a light base of raisin and lemon. The flavor is both quite tart and extremely sweet, reminding me of Lance brand "Michigan Cherries" candy from my childhood. A bit of apple cider, raisin, and lemon can also be discerned, but this is all about Michigan Cherries nostalgia-- good if you like them, as I do, but seems too unnatural if you don't. Little carbonation is left, but it takes the form of lovely microscopic fizz. Wet and clean." END
BEGIN NOW "Tastes like cherries for sure, smells like them too. Very sweet, almost too much, you need some flavor variety to get through these, try them all together and at the bar(n) if you have the chance." END
BEGIN NOW "375 ml capped and corked bottle, as Kriek Foudroyante and a 3.5 % ABV. Poured in the original Lindemans Kriek Lambic stemmed glass a clear and oak-reddish-burgundy coloured Fruit Lambic with a one finger pink and creamy foamy head that had a very long retention and tons of micro bubbles. Sustained carbonation. Good lacing. The aroma is cherries stones, sourish cherries and sugary-sweety tones. The flavour is powerful sweety cherries, brown sugar and clearly noticeable sourish-tarty tones. The mouthfeel is crispy, prickly, sparkling, quite thin and sweety. This light to medium bodied Fruit Lambic has a long fruity and sweety finish. May be a one way Kriek, but the way is pretty nice." END
BEGIN NOW "So in fairness, I reviewed this by style, so I have it some good numbers.  Pours bright, hot pink with a tall pale pink head.  Smells like sweet cherries.  Tastes like a sonic cherry limeade with a hint of yellow beer beer, maybe kinder to say a cherry shandy (which I am not certain there is such a thing.). Tasty, but not very beer like and I am inexperienced in the lambic world so its hard to say how this one compares.  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This is what I would call an imperial stout lite. Not a real complex beer of favors. However pairs very will with a cigar. Less bitter than most stouts and has a lite aroma. With that being said I found it to be a fine drink." END
BEGIN NOW "Malty, roasty, a dash or two of smoke. I usually find Sam Smith beers to be on the bitter end of things. Not so much hoppy bitter, but devoid of sweetness. Enchanting aroma: molasses and fig. Crazy tasty, but my North American palate craves a little more sweetness. " END
BEGIN NOW " pours black, with big, tan-colored long lasting head.  The aroma is very faint but has a bit of sourness, light fruitiness, and some caramel.  The taste is sour, lightly toasty. Plenty of fruit (apples, pears), and a bit of chocolate. Not sweet or bitter in the least.  The mouthfeel is medium-heavy bodied.   Stouts are my least favorite style of beer." END
BEGIN NOW "What an incredibly smooth well crafted beer! Smells as you would expect when you think of standard impy stout characteristics. Things like chocolate, molasses, maybe a touch of maple, a touch of a bitter smokish. (I just invented the word smokish). The does seem to be a slightly smooth lactic element to it. If chocolate tea existed it would smell like this. I really cannot find anything coffee ish at all. Something like hazelnut syrup perhaps. Vanilla very prominently once I found it. Alcohol is perfect, lends warmth and body but does not compete at all with the flavours. Really really enjoyed." END
BEGIN NOW "This is what my pallet loves.  Its a soothing blanket of heaven that is unbelievable.  This stout is more like a a foreign stout.  Not as sweet and syruppy that most Imp. Stouts are known for.  It was very very pleasant and full bodied.  But not as heavy as i imagined it to be.  I was taken back by this brew.,  I must admit a slight favoritism to Samuel Smith as i am in love with the Brown Ale they have.  Again, a favorite is born!" END
BEGIN NOW The Famous Taddy Porter END
BEGIN NOW "This is a good black smooth porter. I only bought four and my buddy and I wished I had bought more. Pairs great with cigars and I will  definitely being buying this again." END
BEGIN NOW "The kickoff beer for an evening of beers, BBQ, bluelou and pfoxyjohn together, and myself and slimjim. Coupdnt believe I hadn't reviewed this yet, pretty standard porter but a must try classic of the style." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a semitransparent black/brown with an 3 finger off white head that seems to take its time.  Aroma is of light nuts and noticeable bready notes. After the head goes down you can really smell the dark malts along with coffee and toffee. taste is fairly sweet with bready and metallic notes.  Also a taste that kinda reminds me of something you would get at a salad bar.  not much of an after taste.  Just not the porter i was expecting, kinda tame and powerful for the wrong reasons. Not bad but a bit disappointing.  Overall an interesting brew that I would not mind having again." END
BEGIN NOW "I picked this beer up from a bottle shop outside of the open market in Roanoke, Va.  I can't believe that after 600+ beers, I am just trying this.mmit is remarkable.  It may be my new gold standard for porters.  A masterpiece." END
BEGIN NOW "A nice porter!  It has a malty, yeasty taste, much like a good brown bread.  There's a tangy flavor that isn't complex.  It's just tangy.  I can't discern any sort of distinguishable flavors.  So It's like a dark stout beer with a little tartness, carbonation, and a masculine, malty smell.  A solid porter.  I consider Anchor Steam Porter the top of the line with its caramel tones, but that can get tiring if you drink it all the time.  This porter is drinkable over and over.  Solid, solid drink.  I'd call this world-class. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Highly, highly recommended." END
BEGIN NOW Samuel Adams Octoberfest has a rich, deep golden amber hue which itself is reflective of the season. Samuel Adams Octoberfest is a malt lover's dream, masterfully blending togther four roasts of barley to create a delicious harmony of sweet flavors including caramel and toffee. The beer is kept from being overly sweet by the elegant bitterness imparted by the German Noble Hops. Samuel Adams Octoberfest provides a wonderful transition from the lighter beers of summer to the winter's heartier brews. END
BEGIN NOW "decent amber/coperish color off white head not a lot of lacing as head dissappated quickly. fair malt smell . good dry maltiness that sticks to mouth and tongue." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out a dark clear gold color with a thick tan head that vanishes pretty quick. The aroma is faint mostly of malt and spice. The mouthfeel is solid but not thick. The taste is clean and I like it but it's not real special." END
BEGIN NOW "Tried this on a recent shopping trip to Pennsylvania.  Nice amber colour, and highly drinkable beer.  Price was right, too.  Definitely a session beer, but enjoyed nonetheless." END
BEGIN NOW "Copper golden color with white foam head lacing to glass. Aroma is roasted malt. Taste is bittersweet with caramel tones, but not too much sweet. Shorter bittersweet aftertaste. (Cleveland 201210) " END
BEGIN NOW "Tasty  !! I like this one. To bad it is a sesonal. I like some of SA beer-I think they make way to many. Like 6 excellent for a solid baseline.  END
BEGIN NOW Anyway, rich copper color, a little bicuit, caramel, some grain but OK  END
BEGIN NOW A good down to earth Festbier." END
BEGIN NOW Samuel Adams Cherry Wheat follows the centuries old American tradition of brewing beer with native ingredients, in this case Michigan cherries as well as a touch of honey. The sweet fruitiness of the cherries is balanced against the crisp, cereal note from the malted wheat and the subtle citrus flavor from the Noble hops. the end result s a sweet, refreshing beer that is light on the palate but long on complexity. END
BEGIN NOW "This is one of my favorite beers. Aroma is strong; cherry scent is dominant. Color is deep golden honey-amber. Flavor is malty and pleasant, with a strong cherry overtone and wheaty components. Finish is smooth and pleasant. I am fond of cherries, which is one reason I like this particular beer." END
BEGIN NOW "CHERRIES,  And boy they smell good! Pours a cloudy unfiltered looking  gold color. I was expecting it to be red. The mouthfeel is smooth and refreshing. The flavor is cheery,malt then wheat. I like this one." END
BEGIN NOW "Enjoyed at the Yard House at Red Rock Resort in Las Vegas. Pours a slight hazy golden-amber colour with a small white head. Sweet cherry extract aromas with some light wheat, kind of Amaretto-like. The cherries are there in the taste, but not as syrupy as expected. Well-blended with the grain. Refreshing, but a little too sweet for my likings. Still worth trying, but can only have one per session." END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer on draft at Champp's in Raleigh, NC.  This beer is a cherry bomb.  Not a hige fan but gave it a whirl.  If you like fruit beers, you will probably be into this.  Way too sweet for me, but my biases shouldn't affet the score." END
BEGIN NOW "First tried this several years ago and thought it was awful (think cherry Robitussin).  Had it again recently at their Boston brewery and it was better but still bad.  Strong cherry flavor seems artificial although it smells ok.  This is not a beer I would ever choose to get (only reason I sampled it again was because the brewery tour tasting doesn't let you pick the beer you want to try)." END
BEGIN NOW The logo 'Trappist' certifies that this ale was brewed within the walls of an existing trappist monastery under the control of the trappist community. A major part of the sales revenue is used by the monks to support charitable works. Chimay Blue is a powerful and complex beer. It is best enjoyed at a temperature of 10C to 12C. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a thin amount of head that doesn't really stay long. Has a cloudy dark coppery/brown appearance. Has yeasty and bready malt aromas. Alcohol is actually quite noticeable and very much in your face compared to other 9% beers. Very strong and bitter. Also some resin and dark fruits. Astringent sensation. Chalky and tingling mouthfeel. Not bad but strong alcohol and bitterness. Much preferred the white cap Chimay. " END
BEGIN NOW "pours a deep dark orangish red color with a medium sized head which lingers, just a little lacing observed.  The aroma is of some sweet dark fruits and that typical belgian malt aroma.  The taste is sweet dark fruit start it off but it finishes with a little warmth from the alcohol. END
BEGIN NOW The mouthfeel is medium body with a little carbonation and an almost creamy texture. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "This beer doesn't look great.Lots of aroma and flavour.Can understand why it's rated highly but top 25? Ripe banana and prunes. Too tart.Happy with one." END
BEGIN NOW "Sounds like a gunshot when you pop the cork (Don't aim at the dog).  Pours a dark burnt orange that settles to a nice clowdy brown.  Aroma is sweet with a strong hint of alcohol.  Has a nice white head that dissapears fairly quickly.  Taste is fairly bitter with a hint of bourbon. Slightly metallic at first but is not noticable after the first couple sips. Finishes off slightly dry.  Overall an excellent beer that deserves the rank. " END
BEGIN NOW "RateBeer tells me that this is one of the world's finest beers, and I have to agree.  A solid dark brown pour with huge aroma and flavour...........baked bread, yeast, dark fruits, and dark malt.  Made in the right combinations and you have a great beer!" END
BEGIN NOW First sold in 75 cl (25.4 fl.oz.) bottles, it is noted for its coppery colour which makes it particularly attractive. END
BEGIN NOW "This is my favorite Chimay yet. Dark coppery colour pour with a head that retains and laces well. Fruity, yeast and floral aroma. Medium very smooth mouthfeel. Rich taste of caramel malt, fruit, yeast, a bit of spice and  just a hint of bitterness. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a fairly big foamy bubbly beige head and has a cloudy brownish appearance. Aromas of yeast, dry fruits, nutty malts. Flavours are also quite yeasty with strong notes of dried fruits (raisins, plums)as well as nutty malts. Has a nice warm sensation and a pretty much full bodied mouthfeel. Goes down very well. Prefer over the Chimay grand reserve (blue) but just a notch below the Cinq Cents (white)" END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is rich and fruity, mainly malty with strong apple or pear component and a hint of spice. It pours a dark, brownish amber that is somewhat cloudy and has a thick but not too persistent head. Flavor is rich and satisfying, mostly malty, strong fruity hint, and a touch of cinnamon or clove. Smooth and lip-smacking, it has a bit of an alcohol bite in the aftertaste. Strongly recommended." END
BEGIN NOW "Once again another Chimay I just didn't care for. Don't think I will be interesting in trying any more of there different beers. Everybody else drinking it were just nuts over it but I just didn't like the taste." END
BEGIN NOW "This is a constant favourite at the LCBO.  A rich textured beer, as are all the Chimay's.  This is my favourite of the three with dark malt and dark fruits dominating the aroma and flavour.  It pairs well with their cheese as well." END
BEGIN NOW Named Cinq Cents in 75 cl (25.4 fl.oz.) bottles, this beer with its typical golden colour, its slightly hazy appearance and its fine head is especially characterised by its aroma which results from an agreeable combination of fresh hops and yeast. END
BEGIN NOW "Cloudy appearance. Generous long lasting white head leaves blotchy lacing. Yeast and lemon aroma. Flavour is citrus, yeast and some spicy funk. Ok beer but not one of my favorite styles. " END
BEGIN NOW "I guess I'm the beer pal that is the odd man out. I just flat dab didn't like this at all. The aroma and the appearance were both good. However I even ate a couple of almonds to change my plate but nope just didn't like the taste." END
BEGIN NOW "Like the other Chimay offerings, this shows up at the LCBO every once in a while, which is good because it's a treat in itself.  Tripels can run the gammut of being a good stroing Belgian blonde, to a wimpy saison.  This is the former.  Citrus, spices and yeast are what this beer is all about!" END
BEGIN NOW "Has a darker golden appearance, a somewhat hazy look. Lots of carbonation. Huge thick foamy head. Aromas of hops and malts. Taste is citrus, hops, some spices. Mouthfeel is yeasty, some sediments are quite visible. This is pretty good stuff, I would drink again for sure. The 8% abv is quite deceiving. " END
BEGIN NOW "Taste is on the yeasty side, with some tartness, and slightly sweet.  Some citrus notes, like lemon.  Cloudy appearance, with some sediment that when mixed in, creates a smooth mellow finish." END
BEGIN NOW This fabulous barley wine is a malty, velvety smooth and full bodied beer with a rich dark ruby colour. Old Nick is overflowing with sumptuous flavours of fruit and hops, with a complex bitterness on the finish. Pale ale and crystal malt together with Young's unique mix of cane sugar and Fuggle and Goldings hops. Try it with cheese as a delicious and flavourful alternative to port. Available in selected Young's pubs and from selected take home stores. END
BEGIN NOW "This one pours a dark, hazy, reddish-brown color with a moderate tan head.  The aroma is sweet malts and molasses.  The taste is very similar to raisins with a bit of a molasses flavor after.  Quite tasty." END
BEGIN NOW "smooth, malty, and sweet, but thin and boring compared to the best of this style.  still better than an average beer, but subpar for a barleywine.  needs to be more complex (compelling?)" END
BEGIN NOW "pours a dark cherry red with a thick off white head. aromas are very nice. they include raisins , bananas , almonds and caramel. taste is very nice also. sweet raisin grape flavors with a slight bitter taste. aftertaste is almost nothing. overall i like it." END
BEGIN NOW Pilsener-style Lager, 5.0% alc./vol. END
BEGIN NOW "aroma was maltybut dissipated quickly. The color was a pale yellow with a slight head. The mouth feel was watery suggesting.The flavor was watery with only slight malt tones." END
BEGIN NOW "Just your typical lager from Cannuck Land.  Slightly malted and slightly sweet.   More of less what you expect from the local hockey game to charge you 6 bucks a bottle fore.  Ya Hoser. " END
BEGIN NOW "Just a average run of the mill yellow lager . Nothing to interesting just a cold beer to drink. I would rather drink Moosehead as far as a Canadian beer is concerned." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours clear and yellow. Looks like a pilsner but the body tells me this is a lager. Smells a little musty. Taste is all grain. Very filling and the grainy finish hangs around for a long, long time." END
BEGIN NOW "Pale golden color with mild carbonation and a decent white head that dissipates quickly. Grassy, grainy with corn in the aroma and flavor with the addition of maltiness to the latter." END
BEGIN NOW A dark, ruby coloured stout almost black from a distance, with a beautiful, creamy head.  Brewed with roasted malts, it has an exceptionally smooth palate and fruity aroma with a short but distinctive finish reminiscent of toast. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours black in color with a tan head and leaves full lace immediately and all the way down the glass. The aroma is sweet notes of fermented oats, brown sugar, hint of smoke and chocolate.  The taste is sweet milk chocolate and oats, with creamed coffee mid-palate, gets a little more bitter burnt charcoal of a flavour at the finish, but a sweet beer overall.  The mouthfeel is not cloying from the sweetness, creamy and smooth, medium to full bodied even. " END
BEGIN NOW "i'm grading this half way between what i'd give the bottle (better) and the can (worse).  the flavor is nice, but like a Guiness, when it's on nitro, it's too unassuming.  kinda boring, but smooth.  the flavor comes out a little more in the bottle.  the double chocolate, on the other hand, is better in the can...and better period." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a dark black brown with a one finger brown head. aroma is sweet and citric. Chocolate , coffee, citrus are the main notes. flavors are coffee ,citrus and small amount of chocolate. slight bitter aftertaste. overall an average sweet stout.  " END
BEGIN NOW "This stout pours a deep dark brown with a tan head with decent retention but little lacing. Aroma is a little hops with chocolate and oatmeal, coffee and molasses. Very smooth and creamy texture. Flavor with some coffee and molasses, scant chocolate and a little hop. Overall this bre is outstanding. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "This stout pours with a dark ruby brown.  There tannish head on pur but has poor hang time. Aroma indicates coffee and molasses. The flavor is distinctly stout but with a nice smoothness. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Not a real special beer but good enough for a inexpensive every day beer. Taste is okay but nothing special just like the aroma. The best part is it's not bitter or hoppy at all. I will try again one day." END
BEGIN NOW "I picked this beer up from the Kroger in Salem, VA.  Bottom line, not a good beer from Yuengling.  It tasted of cheap malt ... Not coffee or chocolate.  It almost had a salty undertone.  The beer was thing and had zero retention. The color Appeared to be about right, however, a tad on the brown side.  Aroma ... Metallics.  I didn't li ke this.  Sorry." END
BEGIN NOW "Sweet cocoa, soda crackers, and a hint of tangy fruit.  Medium brown pour with a bubbly head and spotty lacing.  Mild roast along with a touch of ash and bread.  A mild "safe" profile for sure.  Light and lageresque, thin neutral mouth feel.  Closer to a dunkel or swarzbier than a traditional porter." END
BEGIN NOW "a little more chocolate and coffee present in the aroma and flavor, with a decent but slightly overcarbonated body.  near black in color, and pretty aromatic.  nicely done, if not a standout." END
BEGIN NOW "Comes out of the tap a deep opaque sable, about what I expect from a porter, with a fine-bubbled light tan head that sticks around for a while and leaves some thick lacing. Aroma is not strong but inviting nonetheless, with tones of malt and chocolate and a hint of coffee. Malty flavor has hints of coffee and just a snip of unsweet chocolate. Fizzy, rough, slightly thin texture leaves a strong tingle." END
BEGIN NOW Anchor Porter is a unique dark brew, which was introduced by Anchor in the early 1970s. Anchor Porter, like all of Anchor Brewing Company's products, is brewed with only natural ingredients. Specially roasted dark malts are used, along with a top-fermenting yeast. The brew is hopped at a very high rate, and is naturally carbonated to produce an intensely rich flavor and thick creamy head. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours deep dark brown almost black  with a thick head that lingers. The aroma is chocolate, coffee and malt. It has a thick mouthfeel with just a slight hop bitterness. The taste is of chocolate, coffee and malt just like it smells." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear dark ruby, dark brown with light brown foam head. Aroma is quite strong, burned coffee, bit caramel. Taste is little caramel, dominated by bitter cold coffee. Aftertaste is lasting. (Velp 201305)" END
BEGIN NOW "Ruddy black coffee color with a rocky tan head. Sour smokey aroma with some caramel sweetness. Flavor better than smell: 2 big notes while it's cold are charred wood up front & bitter citrus hops at the back. Caramel emerges and gets stronger over time. Wet for a porter, but fine carbonation & lacing. Great with sour cuisine." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark brown/black with a nice sized chocolaty brown head that takes its time. Aroma is fairly tame with hints of malts, coffee and chocolate.  Taste is a disappointment to say the least.  Fairly dry with a metallic ting to it. Malts are present but that's about it.  Even for a fairly low ABV you can taste a bit of it. I am somewhat disappointed in this brew even though I am giving it a higher rating, due to the aroma  and appearance. Over rated but it is an ok beer." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a dark black with hints of brown/amber with a nice full pillowed head, leaving some nice lacing.  The aroma is of roasted malts, but not overpowering. This isn't a really strong aromatic beer. The taste is the dark roasted malts up front, with slight hints of coffee and chocolate notes. The mouthfeel is medium body with a ok feel. Carbonation is mild.  END
BEGIN NOW Note porters and stouts are not my favorite style.  Don't like coffee." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "pours a clear straw colour with a fluffy white head that drops away quickly and leaves no lacing.  The aroma is normal boring clean aromas that you expect from Japanese macro. Slight bit of sulphur and maltish.  he taste is the same as the aroma. Clean and boring. Nothing offensive. END
BEGIN NOW The mouthfeel is thin and watery. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "This lager is a typical Japanese affair, rice brewed I believe. The aroma is a bit sickly to my mind and it is a little too sweet for my tastes. It's different." END
BEGIN NOW "I drink it if I'm at a Japanese restaurant or with sushi sometimes.  It's not a greta beer, but not bad either.  A little lighter and less flavorful than I normally like." END
BEGIN NOW "Light gold, with an anorexic head. Aroma mixes vauge continental hop notes with grains and background solvent notes. Very light body. Grainy palate with a sweetish edge. Unpleasant notes of higher alcohols hide underneath." END
BEGIN NOW "I wasn't sure the Japanese could do beer, but they did.  I've had this at a few trendy spots in both Chicago and Toronto.  It's a pale gold colour like a lot of lagers.  The aroma is weak to non-existant.  The mouthfeel is thin and water with a lot of carbonation.  The flavour is week with grainy tones." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Had to come to the States to try this Canadian Ice brew, supervised by Molson, but brewed by Coors here. Pours a clean golden colour with a frothy white head, good retention and thick creamy and foam lace. Smells like fresh malt at first, then just gets mild. The taste is malty and a little sweet, but not overly. Goes down quite smoothly. I guess it is well-supervised, as it has this Canadian feel to it (and not A-B style). Did not find much corn in this. Just not as "iced" as most tried (with the no-aftertaste). Nice and malty. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear golden color with almost no head at all and is froth with decent lacing. The aroma is really skunky and sweet with grass and corn. The taste was of caramel and toasted malts and was pretty sweet and a little bready with a mild bitterness at the end.  The mouthfeel was pretty light in body and then feels creamy when the carbonation kicks in. Pretty high carbonation.  " END
BEGIN NOW "This is one of my favorite beers.  Just short of freezing, it packs a nice clean and refreshing punch.  It's not to strong.  It leaves a wonderful tingle feeling on your tongue.  When you compare this to something like Labatts, you see what a great Canadian beer is.  I am sadly unable to find this any longer." END
BEGIN NOW "This is wretched stuff that will turn your stomach if you drink enough of it.  It was originally marketed in the US as Black Ice, before the 'real' Black Ice came." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a light golden with thin white head and copious lacing. An aroma of sweet malts, breads and yeasts, light hops, lemon, and mild spice. The mouthfeel is smooth and rich. Flavors of sweet and rich malts, light hops, bread & yeast, lemon-citrus, some spice, and maybe even banana. I really like this beer for some reason. It is very smooth and flavorful. Possibly a candidate for a top staple beer." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Had a sample of the 1995 vintage. It pours an opaque warm sable with a minimal head. Strong aroma is mainly of miso with hints of molasses and unsweetened chocolate. Rich, sweet flavor has components of caramel and chocolate and has a strong, seemingly salty undertone, a fruity hint and a subtle alcohol nip. Texture is thick, smooth and syrupy. This is an intense beer for sipping slowly, little by little!" END
BEGIN NOW "I was a bit apprehensive after browsing some of the reviews, but i gotta admit for some weird reason i am digging it. Aromas of soy sauce and dark, pure chocolate. Upon tasting the rich chocolate was the constant, with dark fruits like raisins, and plums with a maple sweetness. Mouthfeel is thick and syrupy,it coats my glass with a thin layer of fine sediment. A sipper for sure, it is thick and massive, and a little goes a long way. I can understand why many would rate it low, but to each his own." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I got this bottle from a friend as a house warming gift.  This was a really nice tripel.  Tripels are typically NOT my favorite styles; however, this was a very nice beer.  Slightly funky, lemon, lemon grass, funky yeast, minor elements of horseblanket." END
BEGIN NOW "Enjoyed at Pub Italia. Pours a golden colour with an slight orange hue. The head is foamy with tiny bubbles, very long lasting and with thick lace. Belgian Ale yeast smell with some fruit notes. Becomes a little hazy at the last pour. No burning at all in the mouthfeel. The taste is fruity as well, with some pears, oranges, other citrus and with the Belgian yeast. A really nice easy-going-down Tripel that is quite smooth overall." END
BEGIN NOW "Slightly cloudy golden yellow with decent lacing foam head. Aroma is bitter like a tripel should be. Taste bit hard since just before I drank a gueuze, so it taste quite sweet. Have to try again solo. Short bittersweet (still) aftertaste. (Arnhem 201301)" END
BEGIN NOW "Damn, thought this was the brown but how can I be disappointed? Bought this one in Belgium and saved it for Christmas. Pours like champagne, full of bubbles  with a fat white head. Looks like a pilsner with meringue on top. Light nose of yeast with a hint of hops and grain. Taste is deceiving. So light and wispy, I know this is going to have a kick. Wow. What a beautiful and tasty beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Just had this one. Pour was dramatic, nice frothy head, yeast and hops right in your face, cloudy amber due to the vitamin B sediments! The flavor was earthy and rich. Mouthfeel was nice.  LACY! Reminded me of a white lace teddy..liked it! " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "If you like a thick foamy head this is the beer for you. It's dark brown in color and has the aroma of malt. I found the mouthfeel to be a little thin.And the flavor to be a little mild with hints of malt and not much else. It's smooth but not very impressive." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a very slightly hazy dark amber to brown in color with a small light beige head which reduces to a thin layer over the entire surface of the beer with light to moderate lacing.  The aroma is dominate by the malts with some caramel coming through as well as some hints of dark malts.  The taste is slightly sweet with some caramel maltiness, overall a pretty malty beer with some hints of dark fruit. Very little hops/bitterness detectable.  The mouthfeel is medium bodied with moderate to high amounts of carbonation. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "This tasted like a honey brown to me.  Lots of sweet malty flavors like honey and caramel.  Hops are barely noticable.  I prefer my browns to have a hint of hops, but overall this had a good decent flavor.  Appearance on the medium brown-amber side, with a smooth easy-drinkability mouthfeel.  Probably more of a daytime/summer beer IMO. " END
BEGIN NOW "very pleasing aroma .. . lacing is top notch .. . nice simple flavours, a people pleaser huh?? .. . taste reminds me of a slightly fuller american style newcastle ... " END
BEGIN NOW "A reddish brown body, not much head, only sparce lace left behind. Aroma and flavor of malt, slightly sweet. Not bad, but not good either, pretty average beer." END
BEGIN NOW "malty, with a light, hard to notice aroma.  body is a bit thin, and there is a slight bitter aftertaste, but no hop aroma.  nothing worth trying here...no surprises." END
BEGIN NOW San Francisco's famous Liberty Ale was first brewed on the 18th of April, 1975 to celebrate the 200th anniversary of Paul Revere's historic ride. It is virtually handmade by the brewers of Anchor Steam Beer in one of the smallest and most traditional breweries in the world. Liberty Ale is made with the finest barley malt, fresh, whole hops, top fermenting yeast, pure water and the simple natural methods which reflect our exceptional respect for the ancient art of brewing. It is "dry hopped", a classic ale tradition, and slowly completes its fermentation in sealed vats in out cellars. This unique process creates Liberty Ale's distinctive bouquet and uncommonly delicate, entirely natural carbonation. END
BEGIN NOW "Golden color with not much of a head. Aroma is really nicely hoppy and oaky. First taste has much fruits and flowers in it. Aftertaste is refreshingly bitterish and flowerish. Really a good one. Probably one of the best ales from US I have had (not that I've had much of those :))." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a golden yellow colour with a bit of bubbly head. Aroma is very hoppy, some floral notes. Good lacing and carbonation. Lemon/lime citrus type flavours, some malts. Mouthfeel is nice, tingly. Pretty refreshing. Good stuff." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear light yellow with small white foam head, nicely sticking to glass. Smells like flowers, taste is bitter with indeed some flowers in background. Nice beer. (Houston 201205)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear dark orange hue with a thick, frothy, white head that very slowly dissipates leaving a nice trail down the glass and ends in a wispy lace.  The aroma has hints of orange and other citrus in the background and finishes with a nice herbal hoppy scent.  The taste is smooth flavor with an equal mix of malt and hops. Hints of citrus in background.  The mouthfeel has a thin body and medium carbonation." END
BEGIN NOW "A hoppy APA, but not quite and IPA.  First time I tried this actually...grabbed a 6-pack to start.  Could be one of my staple APAs now.  Found it similar to one of my favorites in this style, Stoudts, but both maltier and hoppier.  Mouthfeel is crisp, but not supersmooth otherwise would lose some flavor.  Semi-creamy texture...sort of like their other beers.  Another solid brew by Anchor!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a translucent reddish dark brown with a thick, pale tan head that persists. Aroma is not strong but quite tempting, malty with chocolaty undertones. Flavor is malty and chocolaty with hoppy undertones and hints of cloves. Texture is fizzy and fairly smooth." END
BEGIN NOW "Yesterday was a celebration for many reasons. Thus the reason behind the mass amounts of tasty beer consumed yesterday. Pours a dark chocolate brown colour with a thin tan head. Aroma is mild, fruit, spice, cocoa and chocolate milk. Flavor is mild as well. Firm citrus fruit, toffee and almond flavors." END
BEGIN NOW "a lightly hopped beer for a rogue ale.  kind of non-descript, not fitting into any style well.  a decent malt forward beer, but pretty simple really.  eh." END
BEGIN NOW "I feel like I might be having a completely different beer than everyone else.... the aroma is immediately is some smoke, a subtle scotch influnece, bit of burnt grain, and some tartness like sherry vinegar.... but like everyone else says, there is a touch of balancing grapefruity hopping, some round medium bodied malts, and just a hint of yeasty fruit, like peach muffins. Mediocre I think...." END
BEGIN NOW "Pour is amber brown with a small off-white head.  Not sure what to expect yet.  Aroma and flavor is mostly malts, a hint of toffee.  Hops really seem to take a backseat--mostly only to keep the malty sweetness at bay.  Nothing stands out; wouldn't buy this again." END
BEGIN NOW In Britain, seasonal brews for winter are high in alcohol, robust, malty, and dark. The two main styles of these brews are Old Ales and Barleywines. As the name suggests, barleywines are similar to wines in alcohol and need aging but are derived from grain, not the grape. Rogue's barleywine is described by beer expert Stuart Ramsey as: "A masterful, intense creation from brewer John Maier....it has achieved a depth and complexity usually associated with well-ages strong ales. I hope the brewery bottles some before it disappears." We call it the cognac of beers. An unfiltered and unfined Barleywine. Intense, robust, malty and dark. The cognac of beers. A hugh beer in a little bottle, this is a beer designed for sipping. END
BEGIN NOW "XS 2013 Batch: Pours a hazy dark orange with a foamy beige head that settles to an oily film on top of the beer. Small dots of lace form around the glass on the drink down. Smell is of malt, caramel, toffee, citrus fruit, and citrus zest. Taste is much the same with a sweet flavor and an herbal hop flavor on the finish. There is a medium amount of hop bitterness on the palate with each sip. This beer has a good level of carbonation with a crisp mouthfeel. Overall, this is a very good beer that is tasty and easy to drink, a bit pricey, i wish they didnt have to use these ceramic bottles." END
BEGIN NOW "On tap @ Flying Saucer, Nashville. Lightly murky brown pour, tight short tan cap, nice droopy lacing. Big malt presence meets ton o'hops.  Earthy, then sweet, then boozy.  Lots going on here.  Nice earthy big linger.  Very nice as it warms. Big ass beer. " END
BEGIN NOW "Bottles from 1995 and 1998 recently opened at our yearly Epic Vertical Tasting, please note my thoughts are on these well aged bottles and do not reflect any traits of a fresh release.  Considering the age of these bottles, I was blown away at how well the beer has held up.  At this time it's all about a mix of richly sweet malts providing influences of bran cereal and lightly roasted grains along with a heavy dose of dark fruits and berries.  Minor biscuit and sugary candy aspects as well.  Oxidation has creeped in, but does not diminish the overall enjoyment of this beer.  Hearty and robust on the palate." END
BEGIN NOW Anchor Summer is the first American wheat beer in modern times. Our first brew of this light and refreshing beer was in the summer of 1984. END
BEGIN NOW "pours a yellow / amber color with a soft white head, small bubble, some lacing, moderate retention. The aroma is light and grainy with a mild very mild bitterness. The taste is citrus,sweet malt, and fruit are present.  The mouthfeel is medium to light in body with a grainy aftertaste a mild bitterness, mostly a little sweetness and a decent malt character." END
BEGIN NOW "A golden colored beer with a big fluffy textured, white head that has great hang time.  Settles eventually into a thin ringlet.  Faint nose of citrus and grass.  Mostly grassy in tasting.  Nothing complex here.  But a refreshing light medium bodied beer." END
BEGIN NOW "A good summer brew.  Reminded me of a Kolsch. Could use a little more flavor.  About average all-around (flavor almost a 7 but not quite). Kind of pricey for what it is though.  Grabbed a single to sample first, but not really interested in getting again with some better stuff out there." END
BEGIN NOW "Generic american wheat ale. Lagerish with a bigger mouthfeel. Little bit on the sweet side, some grass and wheat stew.... It was not crisp or dry or tart in any way, making it flabby and not enjoyable in the long run. Warming, it get positively bloating and thick in a decidedly unenjoyable way. Mediocre beer." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "pours a pale yellow color, quite light with a small head which was fizzy not creamy, and gone in about a minute and left no lacing.  The aroma was very light and consisted of rice, not much else.  The taste was of rice with just a touch of hops, little malt flavor.  The mouthfeel little body, finishes dry. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "What a dilemma I was faced with: what to drink with lunch.  The choices were Coors Light, Canadian, Stella, a couple of Rickard's varients, or this one.  Really doesn't leave much, so I decided on this one just to be different.  As expected, a pale lager with the clear, light gold and virtually no head or carbonation.  Grassy aroma, bland flavour, thin mouthfeel, and what finish?  Not revolting, but very un-special." END
BEGIN NOW "Not sure what I was thinking when I ordered this.  The Asahi Super Dry is awful and this is just as bad.  A clear golden pour with a huge white head that disappears quickly.  Tons of garbage in the aroma and the flavour...acids, metals, phenols, vomit, etc.  Drainpour." END
BEGIN NOW "better than the super dry, and better than Sapporo head to head.  perhaps a nice enough corn type lager...good with asian food, nothing more.  fruity and a touch dry in the finish." END
BEGIN NOW "This really isn't anything special.  Smell is weak and malty. Color is light golden with little head.  Flavor is something near budweiser, but with a dry finish like the bottle advertises." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased at Liquor Control Board of Ontario store.  This is one of the dregs of the beer world.  It pours a clear light gold colour with an oversized white cap that quicky disappears.  Aroma is skunky vegetables, acid, and grass.  Flavour is malt-forward with plenty of skunky and off-flavours." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a copper amber with clean slightly malty aroma . The beer was quite easy to drink with very little aftertaste. It went well with the pub fish pie I was having." END
BEGIN NOW "Pour was pale amber with nice head and ok lacing.  Aroma of floral hops.  Flavor was caramel, a touch of diacetyl and a mild citrus aftertaste.  Watery flavor and mouthfeel.  Eh." END
BEGIN NOW "Crisp and dry, which is a positive.  Negative is the taste is thin.  Thin mouthfeel and just a little thin in taste.  Ambers aren't my favorite- but this one seems to be lacking in the malt aspect.  Sweetness was only slight.  Beer was OK." END
BEGIN NOW "not a bad beer, esp for an amber! ..low foamy head ring...crap smell, like old stuff, smells better from the bottle..nice bitter profile..a back strangeness....ok mailman but uhhhhhh.." END
BEGIN NOW "This amber pours a light amber color from a 12oz bottle. Small to medium sized white foamy head. Aroma is caramel, toffee and sweet with a touch of honey. A medium bodied amber. Malts are caramel, fruity and sweet. Hops are mild, slightly earthy and floral. A touch thin and watery, but sort of standard for an amber. They all seem to be thin and watery and a weak tasting lately, wonder why that is? This beer does have a nice crisp and dry finish so it has that going for it. Its your typical brewpub standard amber. Mouthfeel is a touch thin. Finish is crisp and dry. Aftertaste is slightly bitter. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This wasn't anything special, but it wasn't bad either.  Right down the line it was average.  It poured a golden yellow....kind of on the dark side.  The aroma wasn't all that invititing as it was a shade skunky.  The taste was fair...a bit grassy and a little on the bitter side.  Give it a try!" END
BEGIN NOW "poured a pale yellow with white head. I was surprised how hoppy this was. Hops came through loud and clear in both the aroma and taste. I reminded me of a pale ale. I tried this with a bit of smoked swiss cheese. Pretty good combo." END
BEGIN NOW "Good solid malt character on the buds and in the nose.  Crisp and refreshing, as a pilsner should be.  My bottle had a nice white head to it with fragrant earthy scents.  This one was smoother than most pilsners I have tasted, however I am not sure it lives up to anything from the Czech Republic. Not a  bad interpretation of the style, though.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Beer pours straw yellow with smallish head and lacing.  Aroma is of light pilsner-type malts.  The flavor is kind of bland, no grassiness or hay-like flavors typically found in pilsner...just completely lacking anything of character.  It's completely non-offensive, so that's good.  Easy drinking." END
BEGIN NOW "refreshing, nothing spectacular. in fact pretty much ordinary.  To my happiness, lacks that skunky characteristic of some pilseners.  I can drink it and enjoy it, but everything about it is average." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Just had this one again at their brew pub in Philly.  Kolsches are my preferred style, so I can't recommend any others.  But it's a light German-like beer that goes down easy.  I like more flavor with my beer." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW Erdinger Weissbier "dark" is a rich and smooth wheat beer specialty from Erdinger Weissbrau. It owes its full-bodied flavor to the fine hops and dark malt used in its production. The dark beer sprcialty is brewed according to an age old recipe. Its spicy flavor also results from the increased proportion (about 13%) of original wort. Nonetheless, at 5.6%, it doesn't contain much more alcohol then Erdinger Weissbier "with fine yeast". Like all Erdinger wheat beers, this dark variety also acquires its typical flavor from maturing in the bottle. Years of brewing experience coupled with state-of-the art technology guarantee its excellent quality. END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle from Oktoberfest @ Bearden Beer Market. Thin brown pour, decent light tan head, some lacing.  Sweet malty aroma, some very ripe bananas and fruits, hint of molasses and toastiness.  Nice flavor: some bananas and breadiness, toasted malts, light molasses and honey sweetness, then underlying earthy hops that cut the sweetness and yeasts.  Overall a very nice beer and good change of pace form all of the Oktoberfests that I drank with these. Prost!" END
BEGIN NOW "Real dark brown color with brownish thick lasting foam head, lacing to glass. Aroma is hoppy and spicy. Real rich beer with good hop taste and somewhat sweetness in distance. Palate is dry but weak in taste. (Jever 201207)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours an opaque dark brown with a medium sized foamy dark khaki head that settles to a thin cap on top with foamy swaths of lace form around the glass. The aroma is of wheat, caramel, and some yeast aromas. The taste is of wheat and caramel mainly with some slight yeast flavors. The mouthfeel has a good level of carbonation with a crisp and medium bodied. Overall, this is a pretty good beer that is easy drinking. " END
BEGIN NOW "I'm more of a dunkel fan versus a light hef.  This is unfiltered, murky dark brown appearance.  Has that wheaty, banana flavor, but with some caramel and maybe little chocolate malt to offset.  Comparing it to some of the others in that region like Ayinger, both the light and dark in this style seems a few points lower in the rating.  Still a good import, just not something I would actively seek out again." END
BEGIN NOW "a little light on the palate, but a nice aromatic mix of dark fruit, bread, and ever so slight spices.  a dark german session brew, if you will.  not bad." END
BEGIN NOW Adam is a recreation of a historic beerstyle. Originally made in Dortmunder, Germany, it was the first beer I produced when I opened Hair of the Dog. Rich in flavor, Adam is best served as a dessert beer. It is great with chocolate or cigars, or just a warm fire and good company. It has 10% alcohol by volume and 50 IBUs. END
BEGIN NOW "Comes out of the tap an opaque sable with a yellowish pale tan head. Aroma is mainly malty and has a chocolaty undertone.Malty flavor is somewhat sweet and has a chocolate tone plus nutty and coffee undertones. Texture is thick, smooth and subtly fizzy, on the heavy side. Definitely worthy!" END
BEGIN NOW "Wish List item FOREVER! Finally, and at the source too!  Deep caramel colored pour, tight light beige head, some lacing.  Sweet malty and very lightly smoked aroma and first flavor, then some ripe cherries, leather and some tobacco, light booze, toffee. Just a Monster of a beer that is what I hoped it would be - EPIC." END
BEGIN NOW "My first ever bottle of this was extremely flat. This bottle is overly carbonated. Hooray for batch variation. Brown/black pour with an excessive head. Aromas of bubblegum, bitter cocoa, and smoked malt. Metallic taste with tons of smoke. The metallic taste ruins it. I really don't dig batch variation - my first experience was a drain pour and this one had a tangy flavor to go with over carbonation. I'm done trying this brew. " END
BEGIN NOW "Had the pleasure of meeting Alan the brewer on a very hung over morning in Portland (turned out Fred from the Wood wasn't the solution to what ailed me).  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW I am so impressed with what these guys do. And they deserve all the credit they get. Especially for Adam. Holymoly.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW There is so much taste complexity, I don't know where to begin. I don't love the smokiness, but it's nicely done. Even the chocolate and coffee notes are unique, super creamy, a touch hot, but just a touch, as well as a little tobacco/pepper.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Can't do it justice in words, it's like an opera in your mouth.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "HotD delivers again with this beer. Chocolate consumed in a cigar smoking room (but not where someone is actually presently smoking a cigar, more that the room is just permiated with the cigars presence). Really unique beer. Has an "old world" charm that is represented in a distinctly non-West Coast rough edge the the flavour, something just a touch funky (not sour), just not smooth drop down the hatch-ness. Like a beautiful old chandelier that was dropped, it has character that lends to the beauty. How to describe that in flavours though? Beyond me. No perceptible alcohol, maybe a touch of orange or cherry ganache, or both. Must find again and do better." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW Greg is brewed exclusively for Greg Higgins at his resaurant 'Higgins' in Portland. This beer is similar to Hair of the Dog's Ruth beer, but instead of hops, several varieties of squash are used. END
BEGIN NOW "This is pretty damn cool for a small beer, and a hopeless one at that.  Aroma and flavor are crisp...pilsner like but with a fruity squashy kick.   So very easy to drink and good even among the big beers." END
BEGIN NOW "On tap @ Hair of the Dog. My starter beer at HotD. Light golden pour, short white head, some lacing.  Lightly sweet malt aroma and initial flavor, very mild, no noticeable squashes, but still very drinkable. Like I said, great starter beer for pretty early in the day." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled on draft at the HotD Brewery.  Sipped this one while discussing it with Alan Sprints and learned that it was brewed using no hops at all.  The tannins in the squash provide the bitterness.  Perhaps if the squash is in the full boil, then that's why there are no noticible squash characteristics.  This beer cost more to brew than any other Hotd brew.  An enjoyable beer and a good conversation." END
BEGIN NOW Traditionally brewed and drunk in autumn, this aromatic, strong beer has a full-bodied, spicy taste derived from unique malts made with roasted spring barley and wheat. This product is available in the Netherlands only, and in the USA under the name Special Dark. END
BEGIN NOW " this beer poured from a brown bottle,  a dark amber hue with a nice foamy head when pour into a tall pilsner glass with medium carbonation along with a malty aroma and a hint of a spice ." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear ruby color with off-white foam head, lacing to glass. Aroma is caramel and toffee. Taste is bit too sweet, tones of wheat, bit spicy. Short sweet aftertaste. (Velp 201211)" END
BEGIN NOW "Drank this beer in Curacao which was also labeled as Heineken Tarwebok.  It had a nice dark amber pour with a thin head that disappeared quickly.  It had a nice malty aroma, the beer was slightly under carbonated.  It had a nice spicey taste with clean refreshing finish.  I was surprised this beer available in such a hot area but was a nice change from typical tropical beers." END
BEGIN NOW "wow...a Heineken CAN be drinkable.  Not exactly earth shattering, but drinkable.  I'm surprised.  pours a pleasant brown/ruby, decent malty nose and flavor, if still a little light.  as good or better than newcastle." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark copperish colour, thin tan head. Semi sweet aroma, of toffee, malts and cocoa. Light and silky, not a whole lot of creaminess. soft touch of caramel. Finishes very light. " END
BEGIN NOW A delicious and surprising refreshing taste, naturally cloudy and brewed using a unique recipe of wheat, malted barley, and a subtle hint of coriander and orange peel. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out a vey yellow cloudy color with a big white head. The aroma is spicy and of wheat. The mouthfeel is smooth but a bi thin for my taste. The taste is wheat,malt and light citrus." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured into appropriate glass, has a pretty big foamy white head. Has a cloudy golden/wheaty appearance. Good thick lacing. Somewhat excessive carbonation. END
BEGIN NOW Citrus hop aromas with hints of coriander and grainy malts. END
BEGIN NOW Strong orange peel flavours, the coriander is fairly abundant. Some sweetness. A little bit of herbs and hints of spices also noticeable. END
BEGIN NOW Mouthfeel is a bit prickly and gives a tingly sensation. Medium bodied. END
BEGIN NOW Not too bad, but not my fave kind of beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a hazy pale gold with tons of lively carbonation, the head is  huge, frothing white mass which stays intact to nearly the bottom of the glass, leaves behind a few blotches of lacing.  The aroma is wheat malt and musty yeast with a dose of orange peel and coriander. The spices come out even more in the glass. The taste is a little bit of wheat malt mixed with slightly sour yeast and lemony hops. Orange peel and coriander spices round out the flavor profile.   The mouthfeel is thin bodied and with plenty of carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW "A very unique beer, the frontrunner of the wheats. Nice citrus smell and taste and great for thurst. Gives real full feeling in mouth, a different beer." END
BEGIN NOW " Pale yellow. Cloudy, really wouldn't know this is a wheat beer. Very light taste,  . I have more in the 6 pak, will give it a try.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Update tried a couple more of this brew-  END
BEGIN NOW 3 years later-- END
BEGIN NOW Tried another sitting of this. Surprizingly tart and flavorful!  Maybe my taste has changed, but this has turned out to be a refreshing Wit without the asparagus taste. ???? I just dont know. END
BEGIN NOW  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Golden yellow with white foam head. Flocks of yeast floating around, which also presented itself after opening the bottle. The beer is still fermenting and rushed out. Nice bitter taste, good beer. (Schiphol 201309)" END
BEGIN NOW "Its color is yellowissh brown with floating pieces of Yeast. The odor is dominated by yeast and a hint of hazelnut. there is a small film of foam that gives the beer a longlasting agreable look. in the mouth increadibly sparkling with  a noble taste of yeast, a fruity sweetness and a nice hint of apricot. The aftertast is agreably long, slightly caramel, yeasty and with a strong influance of carbon dioxide." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark amber gold colour with some sediment & a small bubbly white head.  The aroma consists of bananas and malts along with a lot of wheat and lemon citrus along with some yeast and orange zest along with other spices.  The taste is a spicy mix of banana and clove along with some wheat and yeast. The mouthfeel is smooth, medium body, and a alcohol filled taste with a lot of sweetness. The finish is dry but warming. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml brown bottle, Best before date on back label.  END
BEGIN NOW Pours a golden / orange color. Very cloudy and hazy, as expected from a bottle conditioned beer. 1/2 inch of white foam, with solid head retention and wispy lacing. Smell has lots of spices and citrus and corriander. Very similar aromas to Hoegaarden White. Taste has spice of the corriander and orange peel, with quite a strong alcohol hit. A bit of pepper in the finish. Medium body with a dry finish. Complex, with strong flavors with warming alcohol, not one to quench your thirst like a regular Hoe." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a cloudy orange, with a fair white froth that settles into a low head. Plenty of bubbling.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Big nose of yeast, orange, wheat malt, tropical fruit. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Flavours of coriander seed, orange, wheat. Alcohol warmth is noticable. Hints of toffee. The spice notes linger for a while. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Quite a light body, which effervesces in the mouth like sherbet, and drains away with a light sourness, and a light medium bitterness. The bitterness reminds me more of citrus pith, than hop bitterness." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Considering the rest of Kirin's products are so-so, I am continually amazed by this beer.  Literally, this is Guinness without the aftertaste, and maybe a tad sweeter up front.  Hopefully, Kirin will come to their senses and start marketing this one outside of Japan...whenever I visit, I'm sure to take a few cans back with me..." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Yep, Bud bought out this guy, so..... its asian bud. It wasnt terrible, but it was all to apparent that it was from our friends at budwieser. " END
BEGIN NOW "Maybe it's just me and Asian beers,-or- maybe when I saw that it was brewed under contract by good old Anheuser Busch in Los Angeles that it became quite evident that I was drinking a BUD! END
BEGIN NOW I've tried 4 Asian brews and found all of them to be lacking in taste and body and aroma and....well, you know....." END
BEGIN NOW No Comment END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Was working at the Naval base in Sasebo (Japan) recently, and took a day off to head south to the Huis Ten Bosch amusement park. The Dutch used to hang out in this part of the world 150 years ago, and this park is setup to replicate much of the Dutch culture -- specifically, Amsterdam. Lots of cobble-stone streets, Dutch arcitechture, canals, windmills, etc. A very cool place to check out if you're in the Sasebo / Nagasaki area. Has a very good beer store, too. END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Enjoyed at Sushiya on Sunset Blvd in L.A. Pours a golden colour, pretty intense for a light beer. White head with minimal lacing. Malty nose with typical sweet lagers. Light malt taste and kind of refreshing. A better alternative to Coors Light. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a golden yellow color that is almost see-through and has a short and thin white colored head that leaves little lacing down the sides of the glass. Smells of rice and that tingly alcohol smell you get from sake. Tastes like water mainly with hints of rice flavoring. smooth, very watery, good amount of carbonation.Drinkable, it was like fizzy water with a bit of rice. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a rather typical and uninspiring clear straw yellow with not much of a white head. Aroma is weak and watery, barely like beer at all. Flavor is malty, on the thin side, all too typical of light beers. Texture has only a little fizz to it. Still I'm glad I gave it a fair shake. [Insert joke about light beer here.]" END
BEGIN NOW "A golden yellow colored beer.  A small, soapy textured, white head rises briefly above.  No hang time.  But a nice thin ringlet and clouds sit atop the body.  Grainy nose.  Light body, decent carbonation and grassy, light malt in tasting left an overall good impression.   END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma of biscuits and yeast, with a one-finger head and little lacing.  Light-bodied but substantial, with a clean, biscuits and malt flavor and a slight wheat aftertaste." END
BEGIN NOW Beer, 5.5% alc./vol. END
BEGIN NOW "The only thing worse than Labatt Dry was the commercials, although back in the day it was 'Genuine Dry', like anybody would think there was anything fake about it (aside from the adjuncts).  One beer from Canada that is best forgotten. " END
BEGIN NOW "Canada's first dry brew.............should have been the last.  This beer is a very weak, and now cheaply priced, brew.  As one person stated, this is a terrible on all counts.  It's pale yellow in colour, the smell is very faint.  It rolls over the tongue like water, and it tastes like the dog's dinner.  Not a beer I want on my death bed..........because that would be rushing things." END
BEGIN NOW "Had this over at a friends house tonight for the first time. I have no idea of the appearance of the beer because it was drank straight from the bottle and can. I guess this isn't too bad for swill. I would have to rate it in front of molson canadian and budwesier. Very little aftertaste which is probably a good thing with a beer like this. A touch on the skunky side with a fairly cheap malt flavour but overall it is reasonably smooth and drinkable compared to other swill in this category. And at 5.5% ABV , it's sure to get you drunk justr a little bit quicker than those others..Cheers!!" END
BEGIN NOW "Found it in a big 750ml can in the drunks-from-the-street section at the LCBO. Pours very shitty with this big can (do it over sink). Colour is light golden with a white foamy head. Some lacing is left and carbonation is a good average, slowly coming to the surface. Smells grainy with a touch of alcohol. Watery thin palate and flat. The taste is really well-hidden with hints of citrus and very light malt. Does not give you the super dry effect that some dry beers give you, but the part about no aftertaste is pretty true." END
BEGIN NOW "actually this one isn't bad. it's a hell of alot better than molson dry. this beer is not meant to poured, this is a can chug only. having said that, this a great beer for the end of the night when you've finished your main brews for the eve, and you haven't quite acheived that buzz yet, or don't want to finish drinking but have little money. " END
BEGIN NOW Lager, 4.9% alc./vol. END
BEGIN NOW "Looks cheap, tastes cheap, and thankfully is cheap.  You won't get drunk, but you waon't spend a lot of money while finding that out either.  Another in a long line of bland, colourless palee lagers from the kettles at Labatt." END
BEGIN NOW "You know, this ain't half bad. I do prefer the Wildcat Strong, but for macro swill, this is damn tasty. Kinda reminds me of PBR. While this is pretty damn special as far as swill goes, as usual with these types, the appearance leaves much to be desired, with a standard golden colour and a weak head. Like most swill, better sampled from the bottle. Unlike most swill, not bad out of the glass." END
BEGIN NOW "I'm not sure what market Labatt was aiming for when they started producing this swill, sure wasn't St. Lawrence Market or Kensington Market.  A bargain priced beer with a bargain priced taste (or lack thereof).  Typical Canadian lager look and smell (i.e. skunky) but no taste.  Feels like water, tastes like water, but the fish died in it so it can't be water!" END
BEGIN NOW "Ok this beer is what it is.  It is cheap and goes down like water.  When you are running low on coin this is never a bad choice.  Sure it is not great but hey, it's beer" END
BEGIN NOW "355 ml can with the stalking cougar, An economy (cheap) beer: $8.47CAN includes deposit and tax - to be drank after playing ball or camping, directly from the can. Ended up with a couple left overs in the cooler. Color is slightly darker straw than most micro-fizz, large chunky white foam that grows right after the pour. The smell is a bit sour sweet, but with a lot of corn. You can taste the adjunct sweetness, the alcohol burn, and a sourish aftertaste. No carbonation after the pour, left no head and no real mouthfeel. Drinkability: accept it for what it is, a cheap alternative. Lawnmower, camping, etc. - chug it cold." END
BEGIN NOW Labatt Bleue Dry is only the second addition to the Bleue family and is brewed with the same care and attention to detail as Labatt Bleue. Labatt Bleue Dry is mashed longer than regular beers to leave less carbohydrate (sugar) in the finished product and uses noble German aroma hops brewed with a blend of the finest quality Canadian barley malts. The result is a crisp, clean flavoured lager with no aftertaste and an enhanced noble hop character in flavour and aroma. END
BEGIN NOW "Clear darker yellow with white foam head. Aroma is malty ale, standard. Not too much sweetness. Taste is small bitter, again an ale like many. Short is not at all aftertaste. (Ottawa 201010)" END
BEGIN NOW "**re-revview*** now being brewed for the Ontario Market with the more anglicized name Blue Dry. This was a lot better than the last time I tried it. For a strong version of atypical macro swill, this was damn good. Either they are brewing it differently for the Ontario market or they've corrected certain things. Even the aroma was somewhat grassy." END
BEGIN NOW "Right from the bottle on a very humid saturday afternoon i drank it slowly and i was a bit surprised i did enjoyed this offering...Quite smooth you don't feel the alcohol a bit sweet helped i'm sure by some adjuncts added (corn syrup obviously).Anyway there is also enough malt to like it..." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle: Poured a golden yellow color lager with a small bubbly white head with no retention. Aroma of adjunct is quite powerful and repulsing. Taste is sweet with some foul adjunct and corn traces. Worse then I  had imagined and way worse then the regular Blue." END
BEGIN NOW "Bought a 40 oz. bottle of this stuff as it came cheaper than buying the big can.  This is the stuff my girlfriend would drink at bars when she was young, to get a kick faster and on the affordable side.  Glad she liked it, so she could help me with this big bottle.  Pours a golden pale yellow colour with a nice white foamy head.  Retention is decent, but no lacing is left at all.  The nose is composed of sweet malt for the biggest part and some bitter hop thrown in there.  Medium bodied brew.  The taste starts off slightly bitter, then goes sweet in the middle to then end on a grainy finish.  The aftertaste is mildly dry and the grain lingers for a while.  Very nice and smooth, without any taste of alcohol at any time.  Recommended if you like the grain malt, a buzz and a stronger lager without a burn." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This one is the epitome of a cheap drunk...if you can get past the flavor aspect that is. Pretty high alcohol content, but you might find an ICE BREW that's more to your...well, liking, I guess." END
BEGIN NOW Lager, 5.0% alc./vol. END
BEGIN NOW "Another joke of a beer from Canada's largest brewer.  Whenever there's a trend, Labatt was always the first to jump on board (and Molson soon afterwards).  The joke in Canada is that draught is simply watered down (Blue/50/Canadian/Export/Bud/Bud Light/Coors Light)........but this would qualify as it's very thin. " END
BEGIN NOW "The first time I had this beer, I dumped it... The Second time, I washed it down with A KOKANEE... The third time, I realized how nuch watery it was than the beer I washed it down the second time. No particular flavour. Alittle sugary. Little aroma to nothing. Terrible beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Due to a series of lawsuits, this is now called Labatt Genuine (the 'Draft' was dropped a few years ago.  This is a bad beer.  It has the consistency of water with the taste of over-alcoholized couph syrup.  It looks like beer though - I'll give it that much!" END
BEGIN NOW "This poured a pale, light yellow color.  There was some lacing around the edge of that glass but that was it.  Not much of an aroma here and a VERY watery taste.  Pretty blah, I'd say." END
BEGIN NOW "You gotta respect someone when you see them sucking down a good old Labatt Genuine Draft. Theres not much difference between this and other Labatts beers though." END
BEGIN NOW Nowadays, Lambic on draught is hard to find. Only in a few pubs in and around Brussels you still can taste the curious sherry-like flavoured beer. Nevertheless, since 1880, Lambic was bottled to simplify transport but also for conservation properties. This method was the birth of Gueuze: Before the bottling of the Gueuze, a blend is made of 2/3 young Lambic and 1/3 old Lambic. The right ratio young/old is depending on the maturation degree (end attenuation) of each of them. The bottles, with the wild-spontaneous yeast flora, are refermented in the cellar (Method Champenoise). END
BEGIN NOW "Golden with some pink shade over it, off-white foam disapearing quickly. Lots of yeast particles floating. Aroma is sour, green apple, some lemon. Taste is slightly sour, acid. Not one of the best gueuzes. (Velp 201404)" END
BEGIN NOW "THis reminds me of a very tart, golden champagne like beer.  Highly carbonated, yet very little head was apparent.  The aroma is frought with fruit.  Just 'alright'" END
BEGIN NOW "i gotta say, i think Lindemans forte is the fruit flavors.  having this one on it's own, it was a bit of a letdown.  I'm a fan of sours, but this was just wasn't anything special.  A little sour/rotten apple quality, a little sweet, and too much carbonation, which was offset by the lack of a pleasant fruit aroma.  I think I'm only a fan of top-of-the-line Geueze's, and this one is just average..." END
BEGIN NOW "A sweet, sour apple note greets my nose as I pour this beer into my 25cl tulip glass.  The head starts out a finger and a half thick, despite a reasonable pour and is a pale, off-white color.  The beer is an amber, slightly copper tinged color that shows a lightly hazy, copper color when held up to the light.  A deeper inspection of the nose yields a candy sweetness, that for some reason I wasn't expecting from even a Lindemans product.  Green apple candies really is an apt descriptor for the aroma as that is the most noticed part.  There is a touch of lactic character if you really dig for it and perhaps a touch of dusty malt. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear light amber yellow with a thick white head and lots of lacing.  Very good carbonation.  Aromas of sour honey with a sweet tartness and slight maltiness.  Taste is exquisite with a great balance between the sour/tartness and sweetness.  Somewhat fruity and yet mild.  Loved this and will try again. " END
BEGIN NOW This beer is developed by Lindemans brewery, using straight juice-method. The result is a fresh fruity drink with the background of the rich bouquet of Lambic. END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "A little light all around (color, body, flavor).  Nothing offensive, but pretty mild by any standards.  Looking for a touch richer in the style, but this was ok." END
BEGIN NOW Canadian Light maintains the same character as Molson Canadian, which is slowly fermented to provide a light beer. END
BEGIN NOW "pours a clear pale yellow with a meager sized white head that left behind a surprisingly good amount of lace. The aroma was of mild grains and slight whisps of hops and ever so slight scent of fruit.  The taste was just like the aroma, consisting of mild grains, light hops, and ever so slight fruit notes. Crisp and clean finish.  The mouthfeel was very light with a pretty considerable amount of carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW "I noticed the can in the picture and I have never ever seen this in a can.  It's a typical Canadian light lager which tastes like watered down Canadian.  Best avoided." END
BEGIN NOW "This is beer flavoured water.  I'[ve had it a few times, and it's always flatter than a pita.  Colour - pale yellow.  Aroma - none.  Mouthfeel - watery.  Flavour - weakly beery.  Overall - inoffensive and wofrthy of avoiding." END
BEGIN NOW "I had this at the local pub, i was so unethusased i didn't even spit out my gum. That being said, while still standard Canadian swill I liked it better then it's normal brother. Less of the skunkiness that makes up the aftertaste of normal Canadian. Other then that, pretty average." END
BEGIN NOW "believe it or not... i could not finish one bottle of this... should be easy to drink... but i couldnt do it... not a chance in hell!! light...watery... no taste... utterly terrible... luckily for me... the dog loved it!!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Drink it ice cold only. Taste (if you insist on tasting this stuff) is horrible. If there is nothing else, put this on ice and close your nose while drinking it. It can be refreshing on a 90 degree day under these conditions only. Drink labatt blue instead. It's slightly better...but only slightly" END
BEGIN NOW "this beer was only made for a brief period of time in the early-mid '90's. it was molson's attempt at trying to brew something un-macro like, known as the "signature series". they failed; this beer was bland. at least molson's usual swill has flavour. no wonder it didn't last. the label in ontraio is different than the one in the picture." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This is a tale of two beers.  There is the Molson Diamond of the 50s through 70s that was a very good tasting product.  And there is the Diet Beer of today.  Today's Molson Diamond is a light beer that has very little beer colour, veyr little beer aroma, and very little beer flavour.  It is an anomaly in the Molson line-up in that it doesn't have the alcohol content of a traditional light beer (generally 4% in Canada) or the alcohol content of a Reduced Alcohol brew like Molson Exel (generally 0.5% in Canada).  I am sure there is a market for this beer..........I do know that I am not that market." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "pours a golden yellow with a decent soapy head and little retention.  The aroma was of wet grass with maybe some lemon peel, no skunk.  The taste again had some lemon peel comes out a bit, ended with some bitterness. Not much flavor, and i didn't notice any malts.  The mouthfeel had nice carbonation and no aftertaste which is how a dry beer is meant to be.  Needs to be served ice cold. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "I've had my share of this beer, certainly enough to last a lifetime.  It had a more pronounced flavour in the mid 90s than it has today, which is sad because it used to be better." END
BEGIN NOW "on tap last visit to NY.  clean malts and ever so slightly bittering hops.  fairly crisp and clean but a lingering somewhat unpleasant aftertaste and nothing at all to rave about.  Not a 1% beer, as rated so far, but not good either." END
BEGIN NOW "They claim there's no aftertaste in this beer but this is the one beer that can keep me burping for hours.  Colour - medium gold, white head.  Aroma - grainy malt.  Mouthfeel - medium.  Flavour - malty.  Ovaerall - better than average." END
BEGIN NOW "this was the first beer I drank regularly when I turned 18. It didn't have the aftertaste that most beers seemed to have, and was easy to drink. Then they changed the coloring on the case from a dark to a lighter blue and the taste seemed to change as well. I've only touched it maybe twice in the last six, seven years. The last time was a year or so ago, and that was also the last time I puked. Not the same as it was, but a sentimental favorite for me. Maybe I;ll give it another shot one of these days." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased a 12-pack, on special, at a Metro store in Ontario. It was the smallest amount I could find. Use to sell this at the convenient store I worked as a kid, 20 years ago. Light golden with big bubble carbonation. The head is pretty decent for such a brew: frothy, bubbly, white, average retention and patchy lace. Malty nose at first pour with some mild honey and adjuncts coming later. The light honey and grain is what also appears in the taste. Nothing really offensive here, so this is a decent alternative to those who cannot have alcohol, but want a beer. Better colour than Busch beers that have way more alcohol content." END
BEGIN NOW "This tastes like weak cider and should be avoided like the plague.  Nowhere near the flavour and aroma of European non-alcoholics, instead it's a drainpourer's paradise." END
BEGIN NOW "I first tried this when I was 13.  I bought it at Luongos and nobody asked me for ID.  I thought that was great.  Got home and drank all 6 of them and couldn't figure why I didn't have a buzz.  Only then did I realize it was a non-alcoholic beer!  My bad!  It tasted good then." END
BEGIN NOW "I first tried this many years ago when it first came out.  My son was still a teenager and I wanted to slowly introduce him to beer.  I tried this and Buckler.  A friend had told me this tasted like apple juice...not far off.  Fast forward 18 years.  I tried this again.  It was awful.  Sure, it pours a golden colour with a white head like your average lager, but there is no aroma, there is no flavour, and there is no bite on the tongue.  Even the apple juice flavour of long ago has dissipated into nothingness." END
BEGIN NOW "This one poured a not all that bad light gold colour, with decent carbonation, along with a flimsy white head.  The aroma a floral, perfumy sort of arrangement (kinda like Corona, maybe?).  The taste was supremely unbeer-like, and although the mouthfeel was not repulsive, the aftertaste was something to avoid.  Why would anyone waste their money on this sh*t; better to drink either a "regular" swill or water.  Sorry, I couldn't bring myself to finish more than half the can.  I must say I tried this crap only to get the style logged." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a fair size frothy off-white head and has a pale straw coloured appearance. Heavily carbonated. Aromas are mostly wheaty and grainy malts. Faint earthy, grassy hops. Light citrus flavours, grainy malts, wheats. Slightly sweet and bitter but not too offensive. Slight astringent sensation, medium bodied. Slick drying mouthfeel. A good go-to beer. Pretty average but really good for a mass produced ale. Much better than you would expect." END
BEGIN NOW "Take the recipe for Molson Canadian, and throw in some ale yeast instead of lager yeast, and up the temperature.  The result is a beer that looks the same, smells pretty much the same, and tastes pretty much the same..........but for some reason, Export always seems crisper than Canadian." END
BEGIN NOW "Molson Export is your father's beer, and an easy drinking standby.  Colour - clear gold with a white head.  Aroma - grass, hops.  Mouthfeel - medium bodied.  Flavour - gtrass and hops.  Overall - average." END
BEGIN NOW "This might be the best Molson that I have tried.  Seems cleaner than the others, crisper, etc.  I would also compare this more to Labatts, which I prefer over Molson.  Don't know if I have seen or they have Molson Canadian here, but curious to try that." END
BEGIN NOW "the type of beer you take if you're at someone else's house and one is offered, but don't buy it in the store.  if you need to buy Molson, get the ice or canadian." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light amber with a one finger white head that goes down quickly.  Light carbonation.  Aroma is non-existent.  taste is mildly malty and sweet.  Almost taste like a swimming pool smells.  Fuck off you hoser!" END
BEGIN NOW "Clear yellow with small white foam head. Smells like pilsener, tastes like pilsener, nothing more. Had anticipated a better beer when its colled Golden. (Houston 201205)" END
BEGIN NOW "pours a yellow to light amber with a small white thin head that quickly disapates leaving no lace.  The aroma is a little skunky but not too bad with a few mellow spices.  The taste is malt and some mild bready notes, not much here.  The mouthfeel is sparkling and refreshing, smooth and pleasant but also thin and watery. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "This was my old reliable in the 80s. Consumed way to much then in a short time. Trying again. Seems more watery than I remember. Thin. Still has the hoppy, malt flavor with a touch of citrus.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Overall still likable." END
BEGIN NOW "Another one of my go to beers in the 80s as this was one of the brands that Molson was really pushing.  I see it more often in America than Canada, and I have to try it because it makes me feel like I'm home" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "pours a clear and very pale yellow color with small fizzy white head and very little lacing. The aroma was sweet fruity scent mixed with notes of corn and rice. There is a light spicy hops finish but it's very light. END
BEGIN NOW The taste has a strong malty start of sweet fruits such as apples with a nice blend of corn that doesn't bring a bad flavor. The mouthfeel is smooth and sweet at first then turns a bit spicy and fizzy. Finishes very clean, crisp, and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "You gotta have heart..........miles and miles and miles of heart.  If you want a beer with great taste, there's only one place to start.....Molson Light has got heart!  The beer is forgettable...........the jingle is not." END
BEGIN NOW "Wretched. Another sad excuse for a beer. Colour - very pale yellow, no head. Aroma - grain, malt. Mouthfeel - watery. Flavour - weak. Overall - avoid!"" END
BEGIN NOW "This beer is really not that great.  It lacks in flavor and in taste.  Plus you have to pay about $1.30 per bottle.  In a way I feel its a rip off there are many other beers out there espically light beers that are cheaper, better aroma, apearence, and the most important flavor.  I wouldn't recommend it but beer is beer!" END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer nearly 5 years ago but I remember it being a middle of the road beer for the most part.  The taste wasn't bad however it was very plain and you could easily confuse this with other light beers.  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "THis was a great beer in the 80s, but I try it every once in a while now when I can get it, and it doesn't seem the same.  It always had a 'bite' that other Molbatt beers were missing." END
BEGIN NOW "The last beer in the Molson arsenal that is still using the 1970s stylized logo that was also used by Golden, Diamond, and Export...and a variation was used by Canadian.  This is a very good beer that is very hard to find these days.  I think Molson makews 2-3 cases a year and those of us who enjoy it.........have to search high and low to find it.  This is another beer that is a pale gold colour and malty aroma.  It is slightly thicker on the tongue than a Canadian or Blue but tastes a lot better with a grainy taste and citrus tones.  " END
BEGIN NOW "This is getting harder and harder to find, Outside of Toronto and the beer store occasionaly, it has disappeared. A decent lager, it is enjoying a renaissance as a "blue collar' hip beer in some quarters of Toronto. Its unpretentious and more importantly fairly cheap. Very average it terms of taste and mouthfeel but still more solid then Canadian and Blue." END
BEGIN NOW "For a so-called "lawnmower" beer, this oneis quite nice. Certainly the best Stock Ale I've had. Very dry and grassy. A tad watery, but that's to be expected. Not bad. Not bad at all." END
BEGIN NOW "Bought this one in a 24 pack (the only way to get this).  This is a beer that use to be popular at one time (20 some years ago), but now just doesn't sell anymore.  The colours on the box (and label) are super outdated.  Pours a golden colour with a decent head.  Spots of foamy lacing is left.  The carbonation is slow and medium in size and quantity.  Aroma of grain malt.  So is the taste, with a mild sweetness.  Nothing extremely crazy here, but good for swilling... when you want an alternative to a lager.  One day, you will probably not see this beer anymore, as the regular move on to the other side.  After collecting the bottle caps of this brew when I was young, and not hearing about this brew for the last 15-20 years... I am glad I could try this one.  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This is one of the worst brewed creations wroght of the hands of man.  The beer poured a very very pale yellow, with a thin white head that never actually covered the entire surface of the beer.  The aroma was non-existant, not a malt or hop to be sniffed.  The flavour was slightly grassy...............but tatsted like last centuries grass.  Not a great experience." END
BEGIN NOW "Pale and watered down tasting, although not unpleasant.  There was a faint golden coloring to the brew with lots of bubbles and some thin lacing.  The aroma was skunky and the thing I liked least.  This could be a fairly good summer, hot day beer around the BBQ." END
BEGIN NOW "Not a terrible bear is served fresh and ice cold. Had one at the bar the other night, did not go to well with food but was cold and refreshing. Not alot of body but a very fizzy malty taste with no aftertaste. Not as bad as all that but ive havent had alot of experience with Iced beers" END
BEGIN NOW "This was very very bad. Maybe the fact that there was a lot of dust on the bottles should have tipped me off, but no. Anyway me and a friend had two of these and then made funk drink the other four. The boy was not pleased." END
BEGIN NOW "Thin, watery, bland best describe this beer from Moosedrool. I had this beer in Canada while visiting friends last summer. I wouldn't normally turn down a free beer, but that's exactly what I should have done. It was another skunked moose beer as far as I'm concerned. Poured out a whiteish yellow color, with not much head at all. Smelled of cheap 6-row grain, and corn adjuncts. Something akin to Karo syrup poured on buckwheat pancakes is what it smelled like to me. The aroma was much better than the taste of this bilge water. It didn't have much in the way of body, being thin and weak. Hoppiness was more bitter and unbalanced than anything. I'm sure glas I didn't have to buy this stuff, because I would have demanded my money back, and it would have made me the ugly American." END
BEGIN NOW Moosehead Premium Dry has a smooth, real beer taste without aftertaste. It is fully fermented, lightly hopped and dry brewed, creating a lightly coloured beer with less body, little aftertaste and higher alcohol content (5.5% alcohol by volume). END
BEGIN NOW "This is quite possibly the best pale lager in Canada.  It's a medium gold colour, clear, with a decent sized white head.  The aroma is grainy malt, and weak floral hops.  The flavour is grainy as well, with a decent bitter finish.  A better than good Moosehead project." END
BEGIN NOW "wow. i always found the dry beer phenomenon just a passing fancy, but these guys know what they are doing. ironically, even though "dry" refers to the process, it had a dry mouthfeel and kind of a dry-smoke aftertaste. try this and the dry ice side-by-side. my fave "dry" beer of all time." END
BEGIN NOW "The first time I tried this one was like 10-13 years ago when I went to Edmonston, New Brunswick.  All there was to do at night was to go to the bar, and pretty much all they had was Moosehead products.  So I tried them all.  And I remember liking this one the best.  That was then, when I really did not drink much.  Thanks to Buddybeer for this one, brought back from N.B.  Pours a pale golden colour with a tiny head and no retention.  No lacing too.  Carbonation is composed of medium bubbles and is released from the bottom of the glass inconsistently.  The nose is torn between sweet malt and grain malt.  The mouthfeel is dry and refreshing.  The taste is mostly grainy malt with a dry finish and a long grain aftertaste.  Sweetness comes out as the beer warms up.  Lets just say, if I could buy this beer here, I would buy it a lot for a summer cool-off brew." END
BEGIN NOW COPPER ALE Our year 'round flagship brew is Copper Ale, a medium bodied, amber ale inspired by the Altbiers of Northern Germany. Brewed with six different malts, three hop varieties and our special house yeast, Copper Ale is characterized by a well-balanced blend of malty notes and mild bitterness. OG: 1050, 21 IBU END
BEGIN NOW "poured a dark copper color. Its flavor had some fruitiness but has a clean and crisp taste more akin to a lager beer . white head thin lacing. smooth mouth" END
BEGIN NOW "Mild nose mostly carmel malts with a hint of spicy hops. Clear copper body is topped with a minimal, short lived head that leaves a tiny lace, the carbonation seems almost soda fizzy up the sides of the glass but does not seem to produce any additional head.  Mouth is thin, watery and a touch flat in terms of carbonation. Taste is better then it looks. Lots of really nice malt, slightly sweet with hints of coffee and carmel and a touch of smoke, almost a light Rauchbier flavor. Minimal hop flavor balances the sweetness nicely with a bright high note in mid taste and their is a touch of grass towards the end and a slightly butter and vanilla finish. This is VERY drinkable, I wish the appearance was better attended to and the fizzy quality was dealt with." END
BEGIN NOW "Inviting aroma is mainly malty with a strongly yeasty overtone and a firm ribbon of peanut running through it. Pours a nice clear amber with a white head that is thick if not persistent. Taste is a bit wan - malty with an undertone of peanut, and tasty if not outstanding. Texture is fairly smooth and a little tingly, but nothing to write home about. Overall, not too shabby." END
BEGIN NOW "A murky copper body with a thin head. Aroma and flavors of cider vinegar, a slight fruity hop presence, and some malts. Mouthfeel was crisp, and dry. Overall it was o.k. but i didnt care for the vinegar presence. " END
BEGIN NOW "an altbier! fuck ja!..a nice surprise, damn duff.. ..my saturday is getting better and better.. not an awfully complex beer and a tad confusing but very easy to drink.. the label needs to indicate this as an altbier, sales might improve... if you dig abit, there are some nice flavours, a good intro beer for a beginner craft beer person .. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "pours a nice amber color with a short foamy head which dissipated somewhat quickly and leaves no lace.  The aroma was of sweet wheat malt.  END
BEGIN NOW The taste was of crisp wheat, then a bitter malt aftertaste. A bit of honey flavor snuck its way in there.  The mouthfeel was medium bodied, clean and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "petes has a decent reputation among macro drinkers, but as a whole, their beers are entirely avoidable, and this is no exception.  The honey is a nice touch, but you can barely tell it's there.  Not enough." END
BEGIN NOW "Very good beer.  A bit strong on the honey flavor." END
BEGIN NOW "A drinkable brew, but with many craft brewers, the beers tend to be over carbonated. Decent hop and malt aroma, not bad tasting, decent flavor, clean and refreshing END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW No Comment END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a well carbonated red amber with a short one finger tan head. The smell is clean and you can clearly pick-up the raspberry and spice notes. There was a creamy, raspberry taste, the raspberry feel stays throughout, with just a hint of caramel/nutmeg.  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW Rodenbach Grand Cru is a unique reddish-brown South-Flemish reqional beer of mixed fermentation. Grand Cru is matured for two years in oak vats according to an entirely natural process just like wine. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out a extremely dark brown color with out a head. The aroma smells like vinegar. The mouthfeel is very sour like cheap wine. The taste is bitter and like sour fruit. Not something I would want again.. It's like drinking home made wine.its sort of like cheap champaign. " END
BEGIN NOW "Rich looking reddish/brown pour. Nice head to start but dissipates to a thin cap. Leaves the odd spot of lace. Sour, fruity and metallic aroma. Flavour is sweet and sour. Almost wine like, some cherries, very tart apples and vinegar. Medium and smooth mouthfeel/medium carbonation. Not a style I am very familiar with and at first I had some doubts I'd like it. By the end of the bottle I wished I had more. Lots of good funky stuff in that beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours dark brown.  Very lively flavor profile - sweet and sour.  Some tart, some vinegar, some bitter, some sweet.  Very nice, I should have opened this up sooner!" END
BEGIN NOW "pours a dark red with a moderately sized off white head. The aroma is balsamic vinegar, oak, juicy fruits (cranberry, dark cherry, grape, plum). The taste is a bit sour, a fair bit of oak, some nice fruit flavours (cranberry, plum, currents, grape, cherry), balsamic vinegar. The mouthfeel is medium bodied, moderate to low carbonation, dries the mouth. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark burgundy color with an off white  one finger head that seems to stay aloft for a long time, regenerating because of the maelstrom of carbonation in the glass. Aroma is extremely sours and smells kinda like the inside of a wine barrel. The scent dances around in your nose and is quite wonderful  taste is very, very sour to start with. Strong presence of cherries, pears, and wine grapes.  The taste dances on the tongue for a split second then instantly disappears. Aftertaste is ever slightly metallic.  This is one of the best tasting beers I have ever had.  " END
BEGIN NOW Tawny amber in color with a coffee aroma and tight head. A delicate roasted malt accent, generous use of hops and a smooth finish. American Amber, originally known as Ashland Amber (created at Rogue's original brewpub in Ashland, Oregon which was destroyed by flooding several years ago), is created from Northwest Harrington and Klages, 95-115 and 135-165 Crystal Malts. Kent Golding and Cascade Hops. American Amber is available in a 22-ounce bottle, 12-ounce 6-pack (new for 2005), and on draft. END
BEGIN NOW "Picked up a growler, finally rating this. Poured with a rocky beige head, resolving slowly & leaving thick lacing down the glass. Tarnished coppery gold, amber in soft light, cloudy. Sweet yeasty aroma, toasted & floral, with mild grapefruit note. Flavor reverses the aroma, with grapefruit leading the sweet yeasty bread notes. Very IPAish. Satisfying weight without being heavy: medium body & tiny bubbles. Tastes great with cheddar." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours amber orange color with a small beige creamy head that faded quickly and left great spotty lacing along the glass, and rings as it went down. The aroma is of sweet malt, toasted grains, caramel, floral hops and light wheat or yeast; nose was sweet and malty with caramel and toffee notes peeking through. The taste is of sweet malt, toasted grains, caramel, floral hops, light wheat or yeast, toffee, brown sugar, syrup and wheat bread; toasted malt lingers in the semi-dry finish that is creamy. The mouthfeel is creamy and smooth, with very little to no carbonation, a medium body and a very smooth overall feel. Really easy to drink and quite tasty" END
BEGIN NOW "Wow, what a beer.  Takes the concept of what an amber ale is and throws it out the window.  Instead of the metallic caramel notes and weak floral hops found in a lot of amber ales, this one is more raosted with coffee and chocolate notes in both the aroma and flavour.  Different, but a good different!" END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a dark burnt-orange and copper with a fairly thick off-white head and copious lacing. A sweet aroma of caramel malts, hops, orange and citrus, some bitterness and tea leaf, and light spiciness. The mouthfeel is smooth, silky, and rich. Flavors of caramel malts, hops, orange and citrus blend, bitterness and tea, bread and biscuits, and light spiciness. A very smooth, flavorful, and well-crafted amber ale.." END
BEGIN NOW "A decent amber that has alot in common with an ipa. Aromas and flavors fo sweet caramel malts and grapefruit and pine hops. Very slight stickiness in the mouth, but it's flavorful and easy to drink." END
BEGIN NOW Dedicated to the chocolate lover in each of us. Mocha Porter was once known as New Porter, in honor of the town of Newport, Oregon and home of Rogue Ales. The January/February 1995 issue of Men's Health magazine features a bottle of Rogue New Porter (today's Mocha Porter) in the Fifth Annual Collection of Good Advise, Health News, Dire Warnings, Notable Folks and Unsolicited Opinion. New Porter is described as the Best New Beer for 1994! The caption reads: "Oh, Hoppy Day: For a beer- drinking experience order up a bottle of this microbrew from Oregon." END
BEGIN NOW "I picked this beer up from Kroger in Salem, VA.  This was a nice beer.  Good color - very dark, and a proper mouthfeel for a porter.  The flavor was a chocolate/coffee flavored porter.  Very nice." END
BEGIN NOW "On tap at Bier Markt, Ottawa. Pours a thick creamy frothy beige head and has dark amber/brownish appearance. Thick dirty lacing all around. Aromas of toffee, mocha and coffee. Quite malty. Flavours are mainly toasted malts, coffee, subtle chocolate hints, mocha. Medium retention. Light/medium bodied. Oily and creamy mouthfeel. A bit pricey at this venue though." END
BEGIN NOW "This comes out of the tap an opaque sable with a thick, camel color fine bubbled head. Strong aroma is like smoky coffee and has a firm tone of unsweetened chocolate and hints of molasses. Rich, satisfying flavor is like a mocha, fine roast coffee and chocolate, not sweet but not bitter either. Finish is smooth and sleek. Recommended to all porter and stout fans." END
BEGIN NOW "The first attribute that gets my attention is the pretty dark chocolate color with brown iridescence. Next is the "chocolatey" aroma. It smells more chocolate than it tastes but it is a nice unsweet thirst quencher. Sometimes, that's all it takes to make it a good beer!" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark black with a big sudsy head that takes its time. Aroma is of dark roasts, sweetness, and chocolate.  Taste is somewhat watered down unfortunately. Tastes of malts, hops, and a very slight chocolaty note. Aftertaste is slightly metallic with hints of coffee.  Pleasant to drink but it is far from special." END
BEGIN NOW Rogue's annual holiday offering, Santa's Private Reserve, is a variation of the classic Saint Rogue Red, but with double the hops--including Chinook, and Centennial, and a mystery hop called Rudolph by head brewer John "more hops" Maier! This holiday elixir is brewed with two-row Harrington, Klages and Munich malts, along with Hugh Baird 30-37, Carastan 13-17, and Crystal 70-80 malts, plus free range coastal water and John's proprietary top-fermenting Pacman yeast. Available in both 22-ounce bottles and on draft. END
BEGIN NOW "Really nice looking beer. Dark amber, frothy head, slight haze. Aroma is mild with a hint of hops, not much to it. Flavor is solid without being anything special, its a true amber ale that I am sure is pleasing to many, a slightly hoppier version though." END
BEGIN NOW "Some spice and malt in nose, but nose is faint, Decent copper color over nice head with good retention and not much lace. VERY dry in the mouth, not sure of the spicing but its like they suck the moisture out of your mouth, not unlike alum. Mouth is VERY thin. I'm not a fan of this flavor, mostly musty and drying.  Not my cup of tea but hey, Rogue doesn't usually intend to appeal to the masses. Very hoppy bitter a bit of malt" END
BEGIN NOW "Thick pour with a thin head. Amber brown in color. Musty smell. Looks like Christmas! I would certainly leave this one for Santa. This is brown ale with a lot of piney hops. Unfortunately, the hops overhwhelm every thing else. It's just too hoppy! Ther is a little malt, rum and brown sugar. Finish is bready with nutmeg, allspice and sugar cookies." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured red/brown/clear. Tan head firm. high,long lasting and lots of lacing on glass.Aroma smooth, a bit fruity and very hoppy. Smooth malty flavor ending with lots of hoppiness and lingering bitterness after swallowing. Also dry.  Kinda made me want to grab for something salty to eat" END
BEGIN NOW "Interesting. Has ok lacing but a very nice cranberry color. Mild aroma with some hop to it. Flavor is a little malth sweet like a usual red ale but turns fairly hoppy with a bitter finish. Kind of unique. Not bad but still not exactly something to brag about. " END
BEGIN NOW Rogue Smoke(previously known as Welkommen on draft) is a German style Rauchbier (Smoke Beer), which was inspired by the Fall of the Berlin Wall. Most rauch brews are bottom fermented, however Rogue Smoke, is top fermented. It is orange-amber in hue with a delicate smoke aroma and flavor with an intense hop finish. END
BEGIN NOW "great aroma, lots of sweet smoke and crisp bacon .. . big smoke/chimney mouth .. pretty aggressive but still to easy to drink .. . i need some chocolate bacon .. . i am digging this .. . not as complex as some smokers but nice .. ." END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy amber with a rich white foam. Aroma of smoked wood, juniper, ham, crackers and flowers. Smokey flavour of tar and ham with touches of caramel and crackers. Clean medium body. Smoked wood in the finish." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured into a pint glass from a 22 oz. bomber. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW The pour is a somewhat hazy amber with a tall white head. Retention is decent, as is lacing. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW I didn't really know what to expect in the nose, having never tried a smoked beer, but I was surprised. It smelled to me just like smoked bacon or ham with maple flavouring. The taste is more of the same. There is just the slightest hint of chocolate in the background. A nice bitterness is present throughout. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Mouthfeel is medium-bodied with a lot of carbonation. Drinkability suffers a bit since it makes me feel as if I'm eating meat, not drinking a beer that tastes like meat. I'm glad it's been a while since I ate, or I wouldn't be able to finish the bomber. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW If this is a good starter smoked beer, I'd like to try a more advanced version. It might be fun to revisit this every now and then, though." END
BEGIN NOW "i ind of liked the smoke flavor, but don't think i particulartly liked the beer behind it.  just too harsh, and a little too bitter, with a nut flavor that didn't go well with the smoke.  i'll pass." END
BEGIN NOW "well smoke is an appropriate name. pours yellow amber color with a fluffy off white head. decent lacing down the entire glass. smell has spices and a burnt pine smell to it.taste was ok with a spicy, smoky,bitter flavor with a little hint of sweetness to it.overall an odd but ok beer. might go great paired with some burnt meat." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "2/4/09, OSA 96, 12oz bottle with beerguy101. pours a dark brown with a very thin head. a bit flat, just a little carbonation. the spices come out nicely as it warmed. nose is sweet, and lots of spice. some oxidation, tho not much for a 12 year old beer. nutmeg, orange, coriander?, sweet malts and a light oxidation. some other spices i cant put my finger on. mouthfeel is full. past its prime, but it held up well. wonder what a little wax would have done for this." END
BEGIN NOW "Special Ale 1996 END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Sampled on 2/4/2009. This spiced ale pours a dark brown color from a 12oz bottle. Very minimal white foamy head, with is kind of to be expected with a 12 year old beer. Aroma is spices and caramel malts, somewhat sweet. A medium bodied ale. The malts are caramel and sweet and slightly oxidized although not as bad as one would have expected. The hops are earthy. There is a touch of carbonation left. The oxidation becomes more evident as the beer warms. The spices are nutmeg, orange peel and allspice. I am sure there were others, but they may be gone by now. This is way better than I expected it would be, it was over the hill but still very drinkable. Mouthfeel is full. Finish is smooth. Aftertaste is slightly sweet with some oxidation. Thanks for sharing this one Ron END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Vertical from 1996-2004. These 1998 and earlier are getting past thier prime. A dark brown appearance with little head. The spice has died and a yeasty funky flavor has taken over. Some chocolate and caramel flavors. In this year 2006 Id say stay out of the 1990s vintages." END
BEGIN NOW "1996 Edition (that I socked away from a 6-pack) END
BEGIN NOW Deep rich color that poured out looking like motor oil - not much head left.  Aroma still had strong spice notes present - nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves; hardly any trace of malt or hops in the nose.  The spices also came to the fore in the flavor and were joined by a piney flavor that seemed like it belonged.  Finish ended up on a sweet note, almost like the taste of bubble gum.  Very interesting - I can hold back a bottle a year for this experience somewhere down the line." END
BEGIN NOW "Both tasted as part of "O'Brien's Seven-Year Anchor Our Special Ale Vertical Tasting" event, 17JAN04. END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Thanks to beerguy101 for bringing a 6 year vertical to our last tasting.  I don't get many a chance to do something like this, so it was very enjoyable.  On a side note, my favorites out of the six were the 2000, the 2002 and then the 2003.  The others were nice but those 3 were easily the best. END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a reddish brown color with a small, tan collar, no lacing on the glass.  Aroma of oxidation, cocoa, roasted malts, and faint spiciness.  Taste of chocolate, light roasted malts, some smoke and dried fruits, with more spices, and oxidation in the finish." END
BEGIN NOW "Vertical from 1996-2004. This is the first year that doesnt taste old and a like a yeast bomb. The spices are very subdue but the malt is rocking on. This was more like a sweet stout. Not out of date just yet but sitting on it. " END
BEGIN NOW "Tasted as part of "O'Brien's Seven-Year Anchor Our Special Ale Vertical Tasting" event, 17JAN04. END
BEGIN NOW "Dark brown color, nearly black, small head. Slightly spicy nose, nutmeg and clove? Brown ale, toasted malts spicy aftertaste, slight hoppyness. Very complex flavor. Flavors more intense and mellower taste when tasted a few months later. This beer ages well. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Easily my 2nd favorite vintage of the 6 we tried.  The aroma had the same classic OSA holiday spice, but there seemed to be spruce needles in the mix which gave it a nice earthy, piney character.  I could also pick up some distinct tea characteristics too.  Flavors had the spicy combo but there was some nice chocolate hints too which was a welcomed addition.  Some light coffee notes were detected (strangely enough).  Good stuff for being 7+ years old." END
BEGIN NOW "Vertical from 1996-2004. Ok now its getting better. For those who like the spices toned down grab this one. Just a hint of spice with the usual dark malt flavor. A nice mix of spice, caramel, chocolate. With this vintage Im beginning to detect the ginger, cinammon, and other spices. Not bad at all! " END
BEGIN NOW "Tasted as part of "O'Brien's Seven-Year Anchor Our Special Ale Vertical Tasting" event, 17JAN04. END
BEGIN NOW "Dark brown color, medium head. Spicy aroma (piney.. Spruce??) Roasted malts, nutmeg-ish. Full flavor, very complex. Interesting taste. Need to taste again after some bottle aging. Finish is a little harsh. Aftertaste is malty, slightly burnt malts. " END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a dark brown, red color with a small tan head that left light lacing on the glass. Aroma of roasted malts, pine and spice, though less than the 01.  More dried fruits, roasted malt, and light chocolate.  Even though they say they use different trees each year, they are all remarkably similar.  Overall I think an OSA should be drank 2 - 3 years after bottling." END
BEGIN NOW This dangerously drinkable garnet beauty is a hop lover's delight. The intense dry-hop nose and the alcohol content are perfectly balanced for a caramel candy-like malt finish. This is a serious beer for serious beer afficianados and it only gets better with age. Cellarable for 3 years. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a beautiful deep orange with a small light tan head and has a good amount of sediment and leaves some nice lacing on the glass.  The aroma is an earthy aroma from the hops up front and sweet malt along with honey.  The tastes has a nice bitter flavor that is balanced with some sweetness and has some nice caramelized and honey like flavors to go with a nice hop bite. The mouthfeel is medium mouthfeel with little carbonation. Well balanced and tasty all the way through." END
BEGIN NOW "Another KnoxBeerCrew Barleywine, this one hoppier than the last English version.  Brown pour, short tan head, little lacing.  Big earthy hops meet ton 'o malts aroma.  Big and impressive.  Flavor is hopped considerably, earthy, lightly pined, huge malt presence, caramel, chewy and big.  Very nice indeed.  And big, very big.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Borderline Top 10 barleywine, but solid nonetheless.  Has some hop to it....not quite as bitter and citrusy as a DIPA.  For 9.2% (lower end of barleywines), would expect to be slightly smoother with less alchohol bite. Nice to try new samples in this style, but tough to beat a good Old Stock." END
BEGIN NOW "Nice aromas of citrus and floral hops upfront, with a bit toasted malts poking through. Deep tan/ copper body, the head is thin but leaves some decent lacing. Flavor leans toward grapefruit, pine and citrus hops, the sweet malts bring a nice balance to it. Overall a very nice B-wine, tasty, big, hoppy, not overly sweet, a winner." END
BEGIN NOW "This is a very good looking beer, very nice blend of orange and ruby with a nice thick head.  The aroma is candied, fruity hops and malty plums. The taste is kind of mellow malts with a good hint of hops.  With the alcohol content of this beer and how easy it is to drink this could be dangerous." END
BEGIN NOW The Reverend, was created in tribute to the life of Sales Mgr. Tom Boogaard's grandfather, an ordained Episcopal Reverend. Tom was inspired by the life of his grandfather and wanted to create a tribute beer that contained his sterling traits. True to both our "small brewery, BIG BEERS" philosophy and to the spirit and character of the departed Reverend, this beer is strong willed, assertive, and pure of heart, a heart of candy sugar. It contains as many authentic imported Belgian specialty malts as the brewers could cram into our mash tun, and lots of Belgian dark candy sugar stirred into the brew kettle. A divinely complex and beautifully layered beer with hints of dark cherries, currants, and molasses, complimented by an underlying spiciness. Sinfully smooth considering the high alcohol content. Cellarable for 4 years. 2003 - Gold Medal - US Beer Tasting Championship - Belgian/Abbey Strong Ale. Styrian Goldings hops. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out a true copper color with a tan colored head that vanishes instantly. The aroma has a instant fruit smell. The mouthfeel is smooth and thick. The taste is of plum, figs,and sweet maple sryurp. " END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled with KnoxBeerCrew. Almost heavy golden pour, white ringlet, very little lacing. Aromas of sweet ripe fruits, light brown sugar, caramels, malts.  Taste is overly sweet, heavy mouthfeel of near syrup, malty sweet, slight ripe fruits, alcohol.  Big but sweet." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a very light pale golden color... wondered if maybe the wrong beer was in the bottle.  Thin head, no lacing and very sweet aroma and flavor - too sweet - sticky almost.  Missed the mark." END
BEGIN NOW "This is certainly a big beer but its not much of a quad, reminded me more of a barley wine with special b in it, didn't have that fizzy lightness of a good Belgian and was far too sweet and caramely.  The plum and fig flavor was almost too strong, not well balanced and I'm beginning to think Avery is just after abv with these big beers rather than flavor." END
BEGIN NOW "Big bottle, big disappointment.  A lighter than typical quad.  Still dark brown with reddish hints, but a little lighter than a Trappist.  Plenty of dark fruit and sugary notes in the nose.  The flavour was dark malt, some nuttiness, candy sugar, and sweet frruit hints.  Almost mishmashy." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Brown ruby, light brown foam head. Strong malty aroma, light chocolate notes. Volume taste, malt, licorice, light bitter, high alcohol. Warm feeling. (Velp 201501)" END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW Our award-winning rendition of the Imperial Stout style, once made exclusively for Catherin the Great. We use three mashes to brew each batch of this beer, achieving a luscious deep dark chocolate flavor through a blend of specially roasted malts. We brew it every year for the winter season. It is delicious when newly bottled, but also ages beautifully for years. END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml capped bottle. Poured in a snifter an unfiltered and opaque dark, dark-brown, close to black, coloured I S with a small one finger creamy and tan foamy head that had a short retention and tons of micro bubbles. Low carbonation. Some lacing. The aroma is dark chocolate, a pronounced alcoholic feeling, dark riped fruits, plums, raisins, roasted coffee beans, roasted malts. The flavour is dark chocolate, burnt coffee beans, roasted and burnt malts, fruity, plums, raisins, redcurrant and spicy with vanilla and licorice. The mouthfeel is creamy, light sparkling, fulled, light ashy and smooth. The texture is oily. This full bodied B I S has a lingering roasted malts, riped fruits and ashy finish. A high flavoured and tasty B I S. The lovely tasting leads to an imperial moreish need." END
BEGIN NOW "Boy howdy this sure had a great aroma and poured black.with a brown creamy head. The mouth feel was pretty thick. The taste is very balanced of chocolate and dark roasted malt." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled on tap at Rustico.  Pours black with a thin ring of head skirting the glass.  Smoke and chocolate dominate the aroma, alcohol also notable.  Rich, but a little a little strong.  Still loved it overall.  Fine ale in a tough category." END
BEGIN NOW "Pitch black with small light brown foam head. Aroma is coffee. Taste is bitter cold chocolate and coffee. Long staying aftertaste, more and more bitter. (Houston 201310) " END
BEGIN NOW "December 2013 bottle, aged a couple of extra months. Huge chocolate nose, lighter on roast than I expected, sweet forward. Flavor is big, chocolate, boozy, tootsie rolls and roast barley. Reminded me of BCS without all that bourbon. Top shelf beer." END
BEGIN NOW A classic barley wine, a style originally brewed by the butlers to the English and American aristocracy. It is brewed from three mashes of heirloom British malt and spiced with aromatic American Willamette, Cascade, and Fuggle hops. After four months of aging, it has a magnificent burnished copper color, and aroma redolent of sherry, citrusy hops and fruit, a soft warming complex palate, a spiritous finish, and a strength of 10.8%. It is vivacious when young, but will age gracefully for many years, becoming more complex over time. END
BEGIN NOW "2012 bottle.  Dark copper pour with a creamy off-white head.  Sweet aroma of toffee, caramel and earthy fruits.  Similar taste but with a big alcohol punch.  A little too sweet for my tastes that and I imagine the sweetness would intensify with age." END
BEGIN NOW "Nice to see a Barleywine in a smaller bottle. 10.3% ABV on front label. Pours a slightly hazy, darker amber colour with a light-beige bubbly head, average retention and a bit of lace. Aromas are quite sweet, with caramel malt, apple pie and mild hops. Thick-bodied, smooth and oily mouthfeel, with no burning at all, but a nice warming feeling. Not as sweet tasting as some, so goes down quite well. Lots of different dried fruits for flavours, burnt sugars, toffee, with mild bitterness from the hop. Finding this one very well-balanced to be not too sweet, not too hoppy and affordable in a great format at the LCBO." END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is strong and fruity, mainly apple, with a bourbon-like overtone. It pours a clear coppery orange with a thick and rather persistent pale tan head. Fruity, malty flavor has a firm but not vicious alcohol bite and a touch of honey-like sweetness, as well as a bit of hoppy bitterness. Smooth texture has average body and some good fizz. A respectable, if not outstanding, barleywine - give it a try if this is your favorite style." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark, brownish copper color with a small thick head that lingers for a couple minutes and leaves a nice, creamy lacing.  The aroma is very sweet and malty, caramel, toffee, and alcohol.  The taste is extremely sweet up front, like a wine/champagne sweetness mixed with strong alcohol with toffee, caramel, a lot of hops and malts, with an alcohol bite and has a strong bitterness in the finish.  The mouthfeel is medium bodied with low carbonation." END
BEGIN NOW "Had this beer fresh and aged.Not much difference.Very sweet and fruity.Like the warmth of the alcohol.Just an average English style barley wine.To make my comment longer I would say try it yourself." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "dark orange colour, nice creamy head, beautiful lace, buttery, fruity aroma (peach), very smooth and sweet, lot of carbonation, long sour and fruity finish - complex and very good but don't tell me it's an altbier ?!?" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a very dark brown color. Smell is malty, some sweetness. Taste is amlts, bready, some caramel, alcohol is present. Overall a potent and quality beer." END
BEGIN NOW "For a dopplebock from Maryland, this isn't half bad.  Beer poured very dark brown with reddish highlights, a smallish head with some decent lacing.  Flavor was caramel and roasty malts...sweet, but not overly so.  A little hops balanced out the flavor, but mouthfeel a little thin.  This isn't going to full you into thinking it's Celebrator or Maximator, but this is definitely better than other local attempts (*cough* Troegenator *cough*) I've had." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a brown color (some reddish edges) with a generous head that laced well. The aroma was most strongly of caramel, some bread, some nuts, and spices. Alcohol was also strong and readily detectable. Flavor was as busy as the aroma, but again the alcohol was too prominent and squashed an otherwise decent take on the style. Finish did not have enough hops to keep this thing honest. Mouthfeel was sticky sweet, somewhat syrup-like." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a reddish amber color with a medium sized, creamy, off white head that left light lacing on the glass. Aroma of caramel malts, roast, cereal, smoke and light citrus hoppiness as well. Caramel, toasted malt, earth, roast and light alcohol in the finish. Creamy mouthfeel." END
BEGIN NOW Weizenbock -- An amplified version of our Hefe-weizen, Weizenbock offers a delightfully fruity flavor that is sure to satisfy. With its banana-like aroma, full-bodied taste and distinct clove finish, it isn't hard to imagine why this classic German-style wheat ale was awarded a silver medal at the Great American Beer Festival. Like all DeGroen's beers, Weizenbock is brewed with the finest, END
BEGIN NOW "A nice deep amber "Chill hazed color, large off white head and lots of lace. Nose is earthy, grainy, fresh bread like, the stat that is wheaty, and some what sweet. Middle is full, tart and citrusy, the finish is hop spicy and dry, all in all a fine beer." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Dark black color. Medium head. Aroma is roasted malts, coffee and dark fruits. A medium bodied Baltic Porter. Malts are nutty, roasted malts and dark fruits. Hops are spicy. Very smooth tasting, well balanced Baltic porter. Nice sweet fruity flavors are balanced by the roastyness of the malts and the spiciness of the hops. Finishes very well, with a nice lingering fruit sweetness. Its kind of surprising to see a Baltic Porter as a winter ale, but I like the idea and this beer. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is slightly sweet. " END
BEGIN NOW "Stopped by the brewpub for a pint, on the way home from National Conference Center. Pours very dark reddish brown, like Van Dyke brown. Darkest head I've ever seen, more brown than tan. Large, rocky foam, fairly long lasting.  Spicy gingerbread background in the nose, and a bit of a peppery spice on the tounge. Sweetish, effervescent mouthfeel leads to a warming, licorice aftertaste. Big winter time brews like this are worth the wait!" END
BEGIN NOW "This Baltic Porter pours with a dark brown body topped by a huge, lt. brown head with some lacing left behind. The aroma is slightly bitter and malty with a roasty note, a slight sweetness and a little graininess. The flavor is sweet, roasty and malty with a slight sourness and bitterness, and a touch of smoke. Full bodied and smooth." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased in a mixed pack on my trip to Maine. Pours a clean copper colour with a light beige head and some decent lacing. Sweet malt nose with rye grain notes. The taste has rye as well, but is overly sweet. Hard to go down and heavy as well. Not one I would have again." END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is a little mild but sweet, some honey.  A murky burnt sugar colored beer with nice thick head. Flavor is sweet caramel and hop bitterness, a bit unbalanced but a nice flavor so I didn't really mind. I could drink more of these, thanks cory." END
BEGIN NOW "A good English Pale ale.....almost like an ESB.   Flavors of caramel malt with a lot of bitter in the end.  Pairs good with a lot of styles of food.  Finding these northesast brewers consistantly solid with this style of beer.  Not in love with this, but could see sampling again down the road." END
BEGIN NOW "A beer of the month club entry for oct-nov 2010. Pours a pretty copper color with a sprightly but short lived.  Good hoppy flavor that goes best with food, seems a bit ragged  to drink by its self  " END
BEGIN NOW "Another beer from kinger - this one has a clear copper pour with a thin but sustained head and sporadic lacing.  Aromas of sweet caramel malts, ripe and slightly sour fruits, some bready notes, and some floral hops.  Taste contains all the elements of the aromas with a slight sour and bitter linger.  Thanks Cory." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is fresh hopps. Peat and earth tones abound right beore you take the first sip.  You start to think pale ale, but are stopped short with the dense floral notes of malts and nutmeg.  Other spices come in on the finish, light citrus and honey suckle.  Mouthfeel is warm for the alcohol, yet clean and nicely rounded.  Might want to enjoy a few before calling it a night.  Excellent with a hearty pizza or meat dish.  Color is darker than you would expect as you pour this brew.  Definately one to enjoy if you are a fan of the style." END
BEGIN NOW "...........ruby brown and a hoppy aroma like an american twist on a scotch ale. First sip was full and hearty of chocolatey Spice.... Im guessing towards 8% with this. A leafy bitterness and im soaking up notes of beets, licorice, diet cola, and fruit salad..... A well rounded beer, a bit of alcohol flavor though it gives it some legs and a very fresh taste" END
BEGIN NOW "intense ruby colour with a little head, subtle plumy aroma, sweet and medium-bodied, complex and decently bitter with a cherry aftertaste - very pleasant" END
BEGIN NOW "Dark red color, small head, malty aroma. Very malty, smooth taste, some hoppyness, nice malt sweetness somewhat fruity. Nice balance of hops and malts. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is malty, no bitterness." END
BEGIN NOW " Bottle conditioned. after a fairly vigourous pour i got a half inch off white head..but didn't last though a great lace was left all down my glass.The beer is a deep dark ruby red when held up to the light. I loved the aroma in this brew..can smell all sorts of dark roasted malt accents..alcohol too is smellable( is that a word?)BUt theres a nice strong fruity aroma too sweet fruits like blackberry, cherries etc. Lovelly tatseing brew at near room temperatures many different tastes come to light after a few deep sips..the sweetness of the roasted malts is first to appear..after a nice balanced hop bitterness ..in between cocoa, dark esspreso, blackberry, raisins..all come to mind..very well done. Feels remarkably smooth over the palate. Quite a drinkable "wee heavy" very well done.te but the taste buds are tingling!  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "tasted more like a double...and had the -ator suffix to boot.  i heard they had to discontinue this as it used Ahhhhhhnold's likeness on the label...Terminator style.  A pretty good malty beer, whatever the case may be.  Don't think it's been available for a while." END
BEGIN NOW "What is this...?? A bock that I really like drinking....?? The folks at Lagunita's never cease to amaze me. END
BEGIN NOW "Dark brown color, large head. Very rich roasted malts. Very full mouthfeel, nearly chewy. Slightly sweet, good hop taste. Smooth. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is bitter and slightly malty " END
BEGIN NOW Like a fine port, Old Stock Ale is intended to be laid down. With an original gravity of over 1.100 and a generous hopping rate, Old Stock Ale is well-designed to round-out and mellow with age. It's brewed with classic Maris Otter malt and Fuggles and East Kent Goldings hops, all imported from England. END
BEGIN NOW "I have a pack of the 2014 batch, and this is January 2015, so the beer is a little on the fresh side (I have some 2012 bottles aging so I'll taste those in a few years, yay) and the ABV is 11.8% according to the label.  Aroma is fruity, but not bright like citrus.  More of a dried apricot and dates kind of scent.  Appea END
BEGIN NOW rance-wise, the head isn't powerful on pouring, and dissipates rather fast, leaving a glass of foamless, brown, cloudy liquid.  It looks appealing, regardless.  Mouthfeel is rather shallow, feeling carbonation on the tip of the tongue at first, and no tail, this one disappears rather fast, but it's a pleasant experience.  Flavor is caramel-like, but just slightly sweet, with something like apricot.  Overall, this is a nice beer to pair with a meal, maybe pork or chicken with a light gravy. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW This is a great beer for aging due to its inherent high alcohol volume (5 years or more) and then sharing with friends over a good dinner.  I have yet to try it after cellaring for a few years, but I'll get to that in due time :) END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Recommended :)" END
BEGIN NOW "Fresh 2014 bottle, 11.9% abv.  Pours dark brown with a reddish hue.  Has a small tan head, but does not leave lacing on the glass.  Dark fruits and malt with hints of vanilla and oak and oh yeah, alcohol on the nose.  This is a boozy one (not necessarily a bad thing).  Dark fruit (dates, raisins, prunes) and sweet malts coat my tongue.  The alcohol was more prevalent at the beginning, but seems to temper as the beer warms a bit.  Full mouthfeel, nicely carbonated.  A beer I would usually drink during the winter, but it was recommended to me by my son, who loves his Belgians and malty ales.  A solid barleywine/old ale.  I will probably cellar a bottle or two for future consumption.  I'm confident that this beer will only improve with age. Good stuff." END
BEGIN NOW "Caged and corked 750 ml bottle poured into a brandy snifter - dark brown with a soapy, thin white head. Estery alcohol aromas dominate but the complexity of the brew shines as dark fruit undertones are faintly present. While slightly chilled the brew is hot, with the alcohol dominating, but the flavors meld with a caramel nutiness and raisins/plums to make this a superb English barleywine / Old Ale. Certainly a sipper and a wonderful compliment on a chilly fall/winter night." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a deep dark reddish brown color with minimal off-white head and no lace.  The aroma is caramel toffee booze and big sweet malts with lingerimg alcohol on the back. Some nice citrus notes round it out. The  END
BEGIN NOW taste has huge roasted malts, caramel sweetness layered over fresh biscuits and sharp alcohol bite.  The mouthfeel has minimal carbonation, and a medium body. " END
BEGIN NOW "2011.11.9%.I know i should have waited but after a hard day at work thought I deserved a barleywine.Poured reddish brown with no head.(disappointing).Aroma is of sweet malt,oak,port and very fruity.Slight smoked flavor,plums and vanilla.Very smooth.definitely taste the alcohol.Very tasty but almost not beer.Will try to put the other three away for at least a year.    END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "$5.00 bomber enjoyed outside on a beautiful spring evening.  I must admit this bottle did not live up to what I was expecting, solid bock just nothing robust and overly enjoyable within it.  Juicy plum aroma with a scent of ice tea and molasses.  Mottled brown body with a lasting foamy head and streaky lacing.  Basic/neutral mouth feel that provided a rather thin finish.  Flavor contained a tangy sweetness, very malt forward with some green hops and faint coffee notes.  " END
BEGIN NOW "cheapdark (1779), Monacatootha, Pennsylvania, USA END
BEGIN NOW 3.3 Aroma  Appearance  Flavor  Palate  Overall   END
BEGIN NOW 7/10 4/5 5/10 3/5 14/20  END
BEGIN NOW Mar 21, 2009   END
BEGIN NOW On tap at the Vintage Estates in Ohio, very nice place! Nice looking sparkly dark beer appearance. Good soda like aroma, attractive to the olfactory. Excellent carbonation and feel on the palate. A little roasty on the buds and comes across very like-able. At the tap it was listed as 8% but on this site it is 6%. Either way, hides the alky characters well. A fine finish. Overall, pleasantly surprized.  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "The beer looked and tasted a flat. The nose had some definite maltiness and a strong hoppiness to it. It surprised me then, when I took a big sip and was hit by this huge malty, roast, chocalately, toffee burst of flavor. It's followed up by a bit of citrusy hops, but not as much as you would expect from the smell. I would have guess that this was a porter if it had not been for the name and the fact that it did taste a little cleaner than an ale. The weird thing is that you lose a lot of the roasty chocolatey flavors as it warms up. That's unusual since it usually brings flavors out." END
BEGIN NOW "This beer poured a dark reddish-brown with a small head and left no notable lacing. The aroma was malty with a hint of caramel and fruit.  The mouthfeel was smooth and nicely textured.  The flavor sweet and malty with hop notes and a hint of caramel.  It finished with a robust maltiness and a slight hop bitterness." END
BEGIN NOW "The dark red/burgundy body is topped by a thin fizzy soda like head with little lacing left behind. The aroma is malty with a slight caramel sweetness and subtle roasty and fruity notes. The flavor is slightly sweet and malty with slight caramel notes and an underlying bitterness. Medium bodied and smooth." END
BEGIN NOW 'Otter Summer is a highly drinkable, light bodied ale.  This is a beer built for Summer: a flavor that is slightly tart, with a citris-like finish.  Often served with a slice of fresh lemon, 'Otter Summer is a pleasing and thirst quenching brew. END
BEGIN NOW "Enjoying this one in Brooklyn. Pours an average golden colour with a small white cap and not much lace. The last pour creates a haziness. Cereal malt scent with a little hop. Same for taste. Grainy with hints of hop, but not much bitterness. Does the job for what it is suppose to do - refresh for summer." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled on 6/17/2010. This wheat ale pours a very light gold color from a 12oz bottle. Small sized white foamy head. The aroma is cereal and grainy with a touch of floral hops. A light bodied wheat beer. The malts are cereal and grainy with a touch of sweetness. The hops are floral. A fairly light bodied wheat beer, with a touch of hoppiness. Nice carbonation. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and crisp. Aftertaste is slightly bitter. " END
BEGIN NOW "A pretty good summer ale. It was what I expected it to be. Golden color light wheat aroma and a mild taste that needs a bit of lemon or lime. I normally wouldn't say that but the lemon or lime in wheat ales has grown on me." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle: Poured a light orangey color ale with a light foamy head with light retention and some minimal lacing. Aroma of sweet wheat malt with more character then I would expect. Taste is a nice mix between some sweet malt but also the refreshing taste of wheat. I don't know if the aging on this one has done something to the beer that other would have noticed but I thought this had a lot more character and complexity then I would have expected from a summer wheat ale." END
BEGIN NOW "I am a pretty big fan of most of the Otter Creek brews.  Unfortunately, this one is not a favorite of mine.  The beer pours a nice golden color with a slight head, and a decent amount of carbonation.  A slight hint of citrus is apparent in the aroma.  Although it drinks like an average summer wheat, there is nothing great though.  This might be a better beer when served with a lemon wedge.  I'll have to try it that way next time.  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Found an old bottle earlier whilst doing a bit of cleaning and had to recalll this one... I remember a bit of lemon zest without any really offensive qualities, but nothing spectacular... haven't seen it around in quite a while." END
BEGIN NOW "pours with a decent head, some slight lemon and honey in the nose ... pours a murky golden colour .. taste shows some of the age, but does have some nice honey flavours, but the hops are basically gone... lacing is quite nice too ... for the $2 i paid for this sixer a good deal, but this beer is done..." END
BEGIN NOW "Not a fan - a bit lemony for me.  It isn't that this beer is awful because it isn't - I just prefer stronger beers that aren't bogged down with fruity flavors." END
BEGIN NOW "this poured well with good head and a kind of lemony  aroma. the taste of lemons in this summer ale was not ot my liking even though it was on a hot summer day when i had this" END
BEGIN NOW "on draught. clear golden  w/ hops up front. Not bad, slightly sweet, but certainly not memorable" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Dark brown color, medium head. Roasted malts, mildly hopped, some spice? Slightly bitter with some sweetness. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is somewhat bitter, and slightly fruity sweet" END
BEGIN NOW "A beer that poured a very small sized tan head that contained fine-small sized bubbles that quickly dissipated.The body was hazy and carbonated with a brown hue.The nose consisted of malt, fruit, and possibly some spice.It had a slightly bitter flavor and some alcohol was noted as well.The mouthfeel of this beer was smooth, tingly and medium bodied.This beer had very little lacing." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a redish amber with a decent head with some decent lace.  Smells *really* sweet. As in, beyond the malt and there's sugar there. Some fruit esters are present.  Tastes malty with some fruit. Not very complex.  Mouthfeel is creamy and okay. Drinkability is average. I'm not impressed at all." END
BEGIN NOW "I really love Octoberfests.  Malty and hearty, complex stick-to-your rib beers.  But this one disappointed; I found Uncle Otto to be a bit thin, and had a bizarre chemical flavor I couldn't quite put my finger on.  It didn't disappear with pouring it up and letting it "breathe".  There are better offerings out there." END
BEGIN NOW "Medium copper color, small head. A medium bodied Marzen style ale. Rich slightly sweet malt flavor, with a nice spicy hoppyness. Smooth taste. Full flavor. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is malty and slightly sweet." END
BEGIN NOW "A very nice looking beer..nice darkish amber colour..with an absolutly gorgeous coffee and creme coloured head. A great fresh maltyaroma in this..sort of english toffee smell. Wow this is a malt lovers beer for sure, it dominates with its creamt goodness..its not too sweet though..slight chocolate tatse..with a hint of hops near the end. Exceptionally smooth and creamy on the palate. A very nice and extremely drinkable Marzen..recommended" END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a dark amber color with a big off-white head that hung around for a couple of minutes. The smell is dominated by a malty sweetness. One can also detect the taste of caramel and a fruitiness. Nice suprise!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "pretty impressive body and flavor for not that strong of a beer.  probably the best beer Pyramid has made, especially since most of em are some variation of wheat.  strong on the peet, which lends to a great nose and body!  well done." END
BEGIN NOW "Quite the drinkable beer, but nothing to shout about.  Just an unassuming, well made tasty beer.  Aroma is malty sweet, slightly roasted, a little caramel...very nice!  Appearance is a dark amber color, decent head and lacing.  Mouthfeel was a little thick which I didn't care for too much, but it wasn't anything horrible.  Flavors were a little earthy, sweet, slightly roasted (again) and perhaps a tiny bit in the smoke department.  Overall an average brew but for less than $4 for a sixer you get excellent beer for what you pay for.  Another good beer from Pyramid." END
BEGIN NOW A touch of wheat combined with lightly roasted barley and subtle hops is what makes the Redhook Blonde such a mellow and refreshing beer. Drink one and experience the best traits of an Ale mixed with the smooth delicacy of a lager. END
BEGIN NOW Our Nut Brown Ale will take you from chilly winter evenings to breezy spring afternoons. Available from January to March on the East Coast, this feisty beer has a suprisingly smooth flavor thanks to the careful brewing of six barley malts and two hop varieties END
BEGIN NOW "This ale was nice and lite.  It was ok in the mouth and was well put together.  The aroma was like lite nut brown.  After taste was nice and smooth/.  It went nicely with KING CRAB and CHICKEN PARMESAN!!  It had a pleaseant roast to it which was very nice." END
BEGIN NOW "Fairly typical brown ale, which is to say, pleasant enough but nothing special.  I guess that's all i could have hoped for.  I've only had a couple standouts from RH.  Anywho, light roast and caramel, with a hint of nut and chocolate in the nose and aroma.  A tad too carbonated." END
BEGIN NOW "search: hook nut .. . pours a deep tan .. light simple foam .. no real lacing .. . expired molasses, dead leaves, and pecan nut skin .. . watered down and way to simple .. . going out of your way and helping a neighbor rake leaves, thats being nice- holding the door open for a blind person- thats not being an asshole..." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark brown colour with a little tan head. Aroma is nutty with roasted almonds and soft honey. Lighter then what i would've enjoyed, taste has faint nutty characteristics and milk chocolate." END
BEGIN NOW "Deep brown color with hints of amber.  The aroma was of peanuts, cashews, and some hints of carmel and oak.  The flavor had some chocolate undertones with a good strong nutty flavor, added with a decent malt character.  O.k. body, but still thin and acidic.  Thanks Shag for lettin me steal it :)" END
BEGIN NOW The recipe for Rogue Chocolate Stout was created several years ago for export to Japan. The exported twelve ounce Chocolate Bear Beer bottle label is in Kanji and features a teddy bear with a pink heart on his belly. Chocolate Stout was released for Valentine's Day in 2001 in a twenty-two ounce bottle for the US market. The label features a Roguester (Sebbie Buhler) on the label. The bottled of Chocolate Stout is available on a very limited basis in the US, so get it while you can! END
BEGIN NOW "650 ml capped bottle. Poured in a snifter a dark, dark-brown, close to black, coloured C S with a one finger fine, dense, creamy and tan foamy head that had a very long retention and tons of micro bubbles. Low carbonation. Good lacing. The aroma is roasted malts, milk chocolate, coffeish notes, spicy, vanilla, licorice. The flavour is a huge bar of dark chocolate, cocoa powder, coffeish notes, roasted malts. The mouthfeel is light crispy, sparkling, creamy, fulled and thick. The texture is oily. This full bodied C S has a dry dark bitter chocolate finish. A nice pleasure to drink a heavy cold dark chocolate with an alcoholic touch and an emerging warming feeling." END
BEGIN NOW "Purs a dark black/brown with a three finger, chocolate milk colored head.  No transparrency.  Aroma is very chocolaty and eliminates any other aroma it would otherwise have.  Taste is very chocolaty with hints of roasted malts, toffee, and a hint of alcohol.  Finishes off bitter and dry to the throat.  A very good chocolate stout all around but it feels a little watered to me." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a black color. Smell is strong of chocoalte, some malts. Taste is chocolate, a touch of malts and some hop bitterness. Feels creamy in the mouth and overall is a high quality beer." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a good mix of browns/black color and a nice medium sized brown head with some good cling and lace.  The aroma was huge malty roast notes with plenty of rich creamy chocolate on the nose. A bit of a semi-sweet aromas come up as well.  The taste was a chocolate stout, a bit prickly at points and semi-smooth. A tad bit of coffee flavors on the back.  The mouthfeel was medium body with a light medium semi creamy carbonation. A touch prickly and bitter on the finish. Must point out that Stouts and Porters are my least favorite style of beer." END
BEGIN NOW "I have to love a beer that smells like cocoa puffs right? Super rich brown/black.  Smell is actually more complex than a simple breakfast cereal, but you know, first impressions. Taste has a good robust roast and bitterness, not as much chocolate as expected and not sweet at all.  Great drinking stout, look forward to the next one." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW Our Summerfest is a refreshing, pilsner-style lager. Its incredible smoothness comes from an extra-long lagering period. Lighter in body than our ales but just as complex in character, Summerfest quenches your thirst with big aroma and a tangy hop bite. END
BEGIN NOW "Dark yellow, white lacing foam head. Barley pilsener aroma and similar taste. Nothing outstanding, just a good thirst quincing American beer. (Houston 201501)" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out a clear yellow color with out any head. The aroma has a slight stink to it and nothing else. The mouthfeel is extremely think and has a hop bitterness. The taste is just a watery beer nothing else." END
BEGIN NOW "It is what it is.  Kind of Kolsh-ie...kind of lagery......very summery. Flavor and feel are ok, but not much appearance or aroma. I hadn't sampled yet because I was wondering if good enough to get a 12.  Glad I only sampled a single first.  Rather go with their spring beer, Ruthless Rye, the Kellerweis, or just a plain ole SNPA...or Torpedo of course!" END
BEGIN NOW "I cant believe that its took me so long to try this SN brew. Its been out for a while and its been hot in Maui so i decided to try it.  I wasnt dissapointed, in that the base SN brew hop was non existent and it was a lager Pilsner style so it was nice and quenching in the mouth.  It opened to a classic pilsner lager style but that was enhanced by the mild hopped tones and the light citrus flavor.  It was so awesome.  I will be going for this again befiore summer is over." END
BEGIN NOW "This is for the 2012 batch. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW I'm not a pilsner fan, this is a good pilsner, and it's a seasonal, so try it if you want to, it's not bad. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW But it's a very... bland drink.  Carbonated water with a little flavor, nice gold color in the glass, but again, extremely tame.  I don't get notes of anything.  It's a super-good average pilsner. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW With Hoptimum, Torpedo AND Bigfoot Ale available right now, this Summerfest just shouldn't exist.  No reason to have it around. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Still, it's decent." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW A luxurious, warming barleywine rich with aromatic hops and dark candied fruit character that hides its epic strength masterfully. Malts: Imported 2 row. Hops: American whole flowers. Available on draft and in bottles, Christmas through January. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a very cloudy reddish brown color with a small yet dense light khaki head that reduces to a thin cap that leaves spotty lacing on the glass. Aromas of caramel, raisin, fig, prune, apple, molasses, brown sugar, toast, leather, floral,  pine, and earth. Taste mirrors the aroma with a slight earthy pine bitterness on the finish. Light-medium carbonation and full bodied; with a creamy, fairly slick, and lightly sticky mouthfeel that is nice. Alcohol is well hidden with only a small warming noticed after the finish. Overall this is a excellent barleywine. Great balance and complexity of malt flavors; and very smooth to sip on. A highly enjoyable offering." END
BEGIN NOW "This beer seemed to be exactly what I expect and want this style to be. It was mindblowing but very good all around. A huge boozy malt bomb with just a tiny bit of hops for balance. Split a 12 oz bottle with pfoxyjohn and that was just the right amount. Thanks John!" END
BEGIN NOW "Excellent beer for the stile.Warms you from the inside to the out.After six of these you go to bed and your woman wonders where the woody has gone.She will not buy this again.But I will" END
BEGIN NOW "A truly outstanding barleywine and deserved as a standardbearer for the style.  A beautiful reddish-brown pour, slightly hazy, with a white head.  The aroma is roasted malt, caramel, vanilla, and alcohol.  The flavour is sweet malt, some citrus, and dark fruits.  It goes down well. " END
BEGIN NOW "Nice white fluffy head that damn near overflowed.  Aroma is strong and pleasant.  Color is a cloudy amber.  Taste is heavy of scotch whiskey or some other barrel aged liquor. Smooth and full bodied. My first barley wine and I kinda like it but I wont drink it too often, it's a good "once in a great while" beer. " END
BEGIN NOW STORM KING IMPERIAL STOUT: With a huge, Pacific Northwest hop aroma & character upfront, Storm King subsides into massive, roast malt complexity. More flavor than mere words can adequately describe. Rich and substantial, it will warm your heart. PRAISE FROM THE PROS: Champion Stout : Real Ale Festival, Chicago 2002. Top Rated American Beer: BeerAdvocate.com, 2003. COMPOSITION: Malts: Imported 2 row END
BEGIN NOW "Another Imperial Stout that is to hoppy for my taste buds.it is really black and pours thick with a brown head. I like the malt taste but it is lost in all the hops. This is my second time to give it a chance and the last." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a very black with a tan finger of foam that hangs around for a while with ok lacing.  The aroma is floral, definite hop with some typical chocolate and coffee after tasting and not toasty or roasted like some stouts. The taste has some roasted flavor, but not overpowering. A hop kick up front that quickly dissolves into a much more sweet taste. Good.  The mouthfeel is fairly smooth with a little carbonation does not disturb the sweet flavor and full bodied.  Note do not like coffee so not a big fan of Stout beers with coffee flavoring." END
BEGIN NOW "A solid IPS.  Super dark appearacne with mocha colored head.  Some hop in the aroma...not the typical soy-sauce smell.  Chocolate and coffee malt. Alcohol is well hidden. Used half of my 2nd sample combined with Bells Kalamazoo in a slow cooked pot-roast." END
BEGIN NOW "This is a huge stout - bold throughout.  Pours with a viscosity of 80W-90 gear oil with a huge tan head.  Alcohol and heat throughout.  A licorice flavor as well as deeply roasted malts and a bit of chocolate.  Bold." END
BEGIN NOW "Definitely my kind of stout!  Full of stout flavor and surprisingly loaded with hops.  The beer pour thick and black with a nice tan head.  Good lacing down the glass.  It has all the roastiness you expect in a stout, but those bittering hops put it over the edge.  A great stout for hop-heads. " END
BEGIN NOW STYLE END
BEGIN NOW "Cloudy yellow with white head. The aroma is faint lemons, banana, and clove. Not much to it. Flavor is a bit sour with lemons mostly and some bread and bananas. Overall this was ok and works alright on a hot summer day.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Another hazy golden colored beer.  Really impressively big foamy textured white head rises above.  Great retention time and a soft lacing with some thick film and cap.  Sedimentation as one would expect is left on the bottom.  Banana is dominate in the nose.  Some spice.  Smooth moderate body.  Bananas as in the smell dominate the tasting but in this case are a bit of a turn off.  Spices are less evident, but there.  An okay beer because of the taste. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "this summer beer was quite nice as both a spicy wheat beer or hot weather quencher.  soft body and feel, clove, banana and good wheat flavors all come through.  nice." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours bizarrely (strange suspension patterns, etc) cloudy gold with minimal head.  Aroma is sweet & spicy; typical, yet pleasant.  Tastes peppery, lemony with pronounced yeast character and the faintest hint of smoke.  Really complex flavor for an American wheat.  Medium bodied & vigorously carbonated." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled from bottle.  Pours yellow gold with a tall white head and its suprisingly clear for the style (if you decant).  Banana, bubblegum and clove dominate the aroma and are all present in the flavor as well.  Much more subtle phenols/esters in the flavor than the aroma.  Balanced with a relatively clean finish.  Pretty solid for the style.  Just too yeasty for me.  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW Abita Amber is a Munich style lager brewed with crystal malt and Perle hops. It has a smooth, malty, slightly caramel flavor and a rich amber color. Abita Amber was the first beer offered by the brewery and continues to be our leading seller. END
BEGIN NOW "12 oz bottle. Hazy light amber, thin but tight head, no retention, minimal lace. Aroma is crystal malt, caramel, bread, light grassy hops. Flavor is light crystal malt, caramel, barely noticeable hop bite." END
BEGIN NOW "Amber, from bottle so little more to tell about the looks of this beer. Caramel aroma and taste. Smooth drinking, short lasting aftertaste. (Houston 201501)" END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer at the Quarter in Roanoke, VA.  This wasn't bad and went well with the aligator tail and seafood assortment.  Otherwise, it is not anything I would write home about.  A very standard amber." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark golden color. Smell is mild, some grains. Taste is also mild, rather bland, a bit of malt but not much going on. Overall nothing offensive, just a very boring beer." END
BEGIN NOW "more of a lafer than an amber, It has good lager yeast, creamy aroma, and a good tang, but the layers of hop flavor like in something like Louies demise are missing. Could I have got this one just to get Louisiana on my list... could be...." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "12 oz. bottle. Pours clear golden with a lasting ring of film of cream. Nose is buttered popcorn, caramel and a bit of dry grass. Tastes of sweet toasted maize, squash and a bit of dry grass. Medium body is too sweet, but has a nice smooth, low-medium carbonation." END
BEGIN NOW "A little bit on the hazy side for a lager, but aside from that a nice golden colour with a white head.  Ample aroma of grass and hops.  Flavour profile is similar to the aroma.  End bite isn't that bitter, and nothing outstanding, but plenty of refreshment on a hot summer afternoon." END
BEGIN NOW Purple Haze is a crisp, American style wheat beer with raspberry puree added after filtration. Therefore, you may see raspberry pulp in the beer. The raspberries provide the lager with a subtle purple coloration and haze, a fruity aroma, and a tartly sweet taste. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out light yellow with a very light red tint and light whit head. The aroma is very mild with just slight scents of wheat. The mouthfeel is very thin and the taste is extremely plain." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a slight hazy amber with a pink hue. White head with decent foamy lace. Grainy nose with a little raspberry. Nice wet mouthfeel with a little stickiness. Taste is the same as aromas. Pretty refreshing summer fruit beer with the raspberries not being overpowering. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a amberish color. Smell is sour, berries. Taste is tart, berries, some grains and malts. Overall is a light and easy drinking beer, good for warmer weather." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a cloudy dark-golden/orange color with a thin head and nice lacing. END
BEGIN NOW The aroma is light fruity/raspberry smell with feint hints of wheat and grains.  The taste has a subtle sweetness with raspberry flavor (which is a too weak).  The mouthfeel is light body with medium carbonation.  Not a very good example of what a good fruit beer should taste like.  Also where is the WHEAT???????????" END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a light and bubbly golden with a thick and foamy white head and some surrounding lacing. An aroma of raspberry and berries, bready malts, light hops, oranges and citrus, and some spiciness. The mouthfeel is smooth, thick, and rich. Flavors of bready malts, hops, light raspberry and berries, orange and citrus, light bitterness, and mild spiciness. Very good .. I like how subtle the raspberry is in the taste.." END
BEGIN NOW Turbodog is a dark brown ale brewed with Willamette hops and a combination of pale, crystal and chocolate malts. This combination gives Turbodog its rich body and color and a sweet chocolate toffee-like flavor. Turbodog began as a specialty ale but has gained a huge loyal following and has become one of our flagship brews. END
BEGIN NOW "I was surprised at how dark this ale was it looked more like a stout. It had the mouth feel of a ale because it  was not full flavored. The taste was pretty good  with flavors of coffee and END
BEGIN NOW Light malt." END
BEGIN NOW "Can't believe that I haven't had this until now.  I kind of knew what to expect, so maybe the reason why.  Just an average brown really.  Like other Abitas, has a slight rusty/sour taste.  Feel is just ehh.  That chocolate malt comes in mildly, which is the highlight here.  The single sample is enough for me, as it's not good enough to get a 6-pack." END
BEGIN NOW "This was a brown ale with the personality of a stout. It's almost black in color (http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8240/8560228915_10c4430c2a_z.jpg) with a beautiful light taupe head. I enjoyed the bitterness of roasted coffee, the sweetness of toffee and a bit of malt goodness. I'm starting to gravitate to the brown ales when they taste this good!" END
BEGIN NOW "This is one of abita's stronger offerings. Dark brown pour with wafting earthy aromas of bread, wheat, and nuts. Thin body with a smooth nutty flavor. All around, a decent brown ale. " END
BEGIN NOW "It pours black with burnt-orange colors in the light and a thick light-tan head and some spotty lacing. An aroma of roasted caramel malts, chocolate and caramel candies, coffee, light hops, orange and citrus, nuts, and mild spiciness. The mouthfeel is smooth, thick, and rich. Flavors of roasted malts, chocolate and caramels, hops, orange and citrus, marshmallow, raisin and dates, nuts-hazelnut?, and mild spiciness. Great!" END
BEGIN NOW Ace Berry Cider is our newest premium fermented cider made in the heart of Sonoma County's apple orchards in beautiful Sebastopol, California. END
BEGIN NOW "This was pretty good. It had a very fruity and sweet aroma and taste. It was very easy to drink, but would be a little overwhelming if you were looking for something refreshing." END
BEGIN NOW "Pale orange appearance with no head. A grape aroma with a slightly sour grape flavor. A little light bodied but refreshing and enjoyable. It's Jungle Juice for adults!" END
BEGIN NOW "You know anything "berry" is just juice.  Is this supposed to be a sweet dry wine?  This stuff is horrible how can they call it cider?" END
BEGIN NOW Style: END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a reddish gold color a creamy white head. Malty taste and aroma. Sweet caramel taste in the mouth with honeyed, slightly nutty flavors. Very pleasant tasting, warm and mouth-filling, with light bitterness. Very drinkable." END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased a 6-pack of this at Albertsons in Vegas. Pours a clean deep amber colour with fizzy beige head that dissipates quickly, and not much lace is left. Malty aromas with some darker breads, fruity notes and caramel. Wet boring mouthfeel. Fruity malt taste with hints of strawberries. Very mild roasted malts in the background. Refreshing amber altbier but not much here other than that." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear red amber with a one finger off white head that takes its time.  Lightly carbonated.  Aroma is slightly fruity with hints of sweet malts and hops.  Taste is hoppy, slightly with hints of tropical fruits.  Finishes off dry.  I like it." END
BEGIN NOW "This beer pours a copper color with a small ring around the top. The nose is citrusy hops, so much so its IPA like the moderate caramel malty backbone shows up after it warms. The flavor is pretty spot on with that nose, with the hops showing at first but then the bready caramel malts take over. Everything is pretty mellow, smooth with a touch of bitterness. Not a bad beer at all." END
BEGIN NOW "darker than most, with a slightly sweeter toffee/caramel thing going on before the slightly bitter finish.  not bad, but not great.  worth trying, especially if you're an alaskan fan..." END
BEGIN NOW "Alaskan Brewing does it again!  Another fine crafted brew.  Have yet to find this one in my state, but I got a 6-pack while in WY.  Great Darker Red Brown color.  Just the right Hoppiness to please the taste buds.  Will buy in mass quantities next time I see it!" END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW Style: END
BEGIN NOW "Pours very black, thicker pour and a very thick dark tan head.  The aroma is of roasted grains, dark malts.  The taste has a full body with no bitter aftertaste weetness. Almost as thick and chewy as an imperial stout. Stout beers are my leaste favorate style but this isn't that bad of a beer. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "My first beer from Alaska, purchased at Total Wine on my trip to Vegas. Pours a real dark brown (almost black) with little red highlights. Nice big mocha cap with decent retention and full patchy lacing. Mild roasted malts with notes of molasses and coffee. Smooth and slightly oily mouthfeel. Roasted malt taste that is not too bitter, but sweetened by the oatmeal and has a quick finish. Not much lingers. Not a bad oatmeal stout, but I have had better, creamier, tastier ones." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours oil-black with thin tan head, some lacing. Light aroma of chocolate malt, light citrus, oats maybe. The mouthfeel is smooth, rich, and full-bodied. Has an Alaska-campy burnt, smoked flavor of sweet chocolate malts, oatmeal, light hops, light orange, molasses, figs, raisins, and mild spices. Excellent. " END
BEGIN NOW "I was about halfway done with this review when i kicked the beer over. What was it doing on the floor in the first place?? Who knows... Anyways, from the first third, which im assuming the rest of the beer probably was like- pitch black, not lumpy at all. Heavy, steady and quick down the hatch. Aroma was smokey. Not bbq and not campfire but borderline sausage. Semi sweet, i can see the oatmeal and the cocoa coming through midway. Damn this was awesome. I love those alaskan beers, too bad when i finally get one im spilling it all over the living room." END
BEGIN NOW "An Alaskan nugget from jerrymorrison - thanks.  Pours almost black with a thin tan head and a fair amount of lacing.  Some chocolate, a touch of coffee, a lot of malts and some hops in the aromas.  Taste is smooth and slightly sweet with the malts, chocolate and bit of coffee up front then some hops in the finish.  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear golden blonde with a small white head with spotty lacing through out the glass.  The aroma is mostly malty bread comes through, but a bit of citrus in there as well.  The taste consists of malt from the start to finish, with barely any bitterness. Aftertaste is perhaps slightly stale or earthy. The mouthfeel is low in carbonation, thin, but still quite drinkable. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a light golden with thick & dimpled white head and copious lace. Aroma of sweet malts, hops, citrus, and mild spices. The mouthfeel is smooth and rich. Flavors of caramel malts, tea, lemon/citrus, hops, and mild spices. Excellent very palatable." END
BEGIN NOW "how is Alaskan PALE ALE a blonde???  Oh well.  It's a bit boring for a pale, but enjoyable and highly drinkable.  I used to like it more, but since then have come to enjoy the "bigger" pales.  For those who want an easy drinking balanced beer, this is it." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a golden/amber color with a small head but good lacing. Aroma of floral/citrusy hops, malts. Taste is balanced between hops and sweet malts. Mouthfeel is medium, clean, a bit dry." END
BEGIN NOW "12 oz bottle.  Pours a clear yellow gold with a frothy white head that retains well and leaves some lacing. END
BEGIN NOW Allagash Dubbel Reserve boasts a dark mahogany color with ruby hues and a complex malty taste. The finish is dry with subtle hints of chocolate and nuts. With time, Allagash Dubbel Reserve will mature in the bottle and acquire distinctive port and sherry characteristics. Suggested Food Pairings: Dubbel Reserve is an excellent complement to hearty beef stews, portabella mushroom and lamb dishes, or rich chocolaty desserts. Dubbel Reserve also pairs well with Brie, Cheddar, and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheeses. END
BEGIN NOW "Comes out of the tap an opaque light chocolaty brown with a fairly thick, pale tan head. Rich, smoky, malty aroma has a yeasty undertone, and invites a taste. Flavor is malty with hints of cinnamon, cloves, yeast and caramel - very toothsome. Texture is very smooth and leaves behind a nice tingle." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a hazy dark copper colour with a small but persistent head and laces well. Aroma has malty sweetness and fruits. Rich malty flavour with hints of chocolate, plums, cloves and banana. Medium smooth mouthfeel. Yep, tasty brew. Glad I have three more." END
BEGIN NOW "I crossed the border recently to pickl up some Allagash brews and I'm still convinced that these are overrated.  The typical reddish-brown dubbel colour with the smell of caramel malt and dark fruit.  The flavour was quite bitter for a dubble, and missing the yeast characteristics." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased on my trip to Maine. Batch # 210. Pours a hazy golden colour with a white bubble head that stays. Dirty lacing. Spicy nose with the Belgian ale yeast. Smooth mouthfeel with the spices and yeast. Gets a little stronger in the finish. Quite a nice Tripel that goes down smoothly." END
BEGIN NOW "Thanks to MDSmith for this beer.  Out of the box, I should mention that I am NOT a fan of tripels - they are not my favorite style by any stretch.  That being said, I understand what they should and should not be and this is a very good shot at a style mastered by the masters of brewing." END
BEGIN NOW "another solid brew from Allagash!  Dry fruity aroma hits the nose with a hint of yeast.  More to come in the flavor.  Highly carbonated feel.  Flufyf white head.  Earthy hops.  Nice brew." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a golden yellow with a nice WHITE head.  Aroma is a bit stinky.  Fruit and spice, fruit and spice.  Sweet...tart...carbo...alcohol.  Lemon and pepper.  Nice nice nice." END
BEGIN NOW " wanted to like this one so much more than I did. I picked this up because my local store didn't carry Allagash White, which is a favorite of mine. Knowing that I've had good experience with many tripels, I thought this would be a sure winner. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Appearance: Good, full head with reasonable lacing; the color was cloudy, wheaty END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Aroma: very mild, fruity, hints of banana END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Flavor: way too bitter for my taste. This is not a brew that hides its alcohol content well. Starts with a deceptive gentleness that rolls right into a lasting bitterness. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Mouthfeel: average END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW I was taken aback by the complete averageness of this beer." END
BEGIN NOW Our interpretation of a traditional Belgian wheat beer, Allagash White delicately balances full flavor with a crisp refreshing taste and subtle hints of spice. Naturally cloudy, bottled with yeast. END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased a single bottle on my trip to Maine. Pours a hazy golden colour with a long lasting, creamy white head. Yeasty Belgian Ale nose with mild orange. The taste has a little more bite, but the spices are still too light. Slightly creamy, wet mouthfeel. A nice refreshing witbier." END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer at the Beer Bar on 45th and Vanderbilt in New York City.  I have put this beer off forever as I am not a huge fan of the style.  It was time to give this very hyped beer a try.  This may be my favorite American Wit I have ever had.  Well done Allagash." END
BEGIN NOW "Not bad, The aroma is citrus, clove, and banana Flavor is citrusy, lightly herbal and spicy. Poured cloudy, light yellow/golden color with a very nice thick white head." END
BEGIN NOW "350 ml capped bottle. Poured a hazy golden-yellow coloured ale with a good three fingers slightly beige pillowy head that had a very long retention and tons of micro bubbles. Mid-sized carbonation. Great lacing. The aroma is yeast,wheat malts, aciditic fruits, citrus, grapefruit. The flavour is yeast, wheat malts, vegetables, celery, aciditic fruits, citrus, spicy, coriander, orange peels and a well hidden pepper. The mouthfeel is slight crispy and very smooth. This light to medium bodied Wit has a lingering citrussy fruity finish. A very nice Witbier, well tasting and refreshing." END
BEGIN NOW "This is my first Allagash brew, and I must say that I'm a little disappointed.  It pours a hazy golden yellow topped off by a snow white cap.  Lots of citrus and wheat in the aroma.  The flavour is a bit on the sour side, something completely unexpected from a witbier." END
BEGIN NOW The tradition of brewing two distinct beers from one mash has existed for thousands of years, and for centuries the term "small beer" was used in English to describe the lighter and weaker second beer. By association, the term came to mean something of little importance. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours like your typical light beer with a big white fluffy head.  Well carbonated.  Aroma is bringing back memories of Red Stripe.    Taste is a bit more fulfilling than your typical light beer.  Overall for a light beer it was refreshing." END
BEGIN NOW "A light golden colored beer with a small soapy textured, white head. Not much hang time but a big ringlet and thick film are left behind.  Light citric-grassy nose.  More pronounced hop presence.  Light-medium bodied and well carbonated." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a solid golden with a thick white head and copious lacing. An aroma of bready malts, hops, citrus, bitterness, and light spiciness. The mouthfeel is smooth and fairly rich. Flavors of bready malts, bitterness, hops, lemon-citrus, and spiciness. Excellent small beer." END
BEGIN NOW "This is a little tough to review, because I feel is probably better than the ratings show.  Yeah, it's a watered down "light" beer, but for a light beer has some decent flavor and mouthfeel.  My father-in-law talks about "Combat coffee" from the old military days...where they take the used coffee grinds from the first batch and make a 2nd batch of coffee.  This sounds about like the same idea.  My first small beer, so I would say about what I expected.  Would I get again for this price?....probably not, but sometimes these low alchohol brews allow you to taste the malty flavors more.  I would consider this if they had it in 6-packs for something like $6....as daytime or lawnmower beer." END
BEGIN NOW "I guess I should not be surprised by the results of this one.. I was warned by all the ratings on here. I really wanted it to be good. I was not.. END
BEGIN NOW With its deep, dark brown-black color, thick, full-bodied, velvety-smooth mouth feel, mocha character, and strong yet subtle hop bite, Barney Flats Oatmeal Stout is one of the thickest, richest, and most complex stouts on the market today. In 1990, it became our first gold medal winner, at the Great American Beer Festival. Barney Flats was judged so superior to the other stouts that no other medals were even awarded in its catagory. Try it and see why Stewart Kallen described it as, "Slippery, creamy, dark, and sweet as a Pacific May morning," in his book, The 50 Greatest Beers in the World. END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle says 5.8%. Pours and insane amount of frothy brownish head and has a fairly dark brown appearance. Dirty lacing. Aromas of malts, vanilla and light chocolates. Flavours are mostly malty with notes of coffee, oatmeal and light molasses. Also some hints of vanilla, raisins and nutty malts. Has a mostly medium bodied mouthfeel, but somewhat of a watery finish. Not bad but have had much better oatmeal stouts." END
BEGIN NOW "650ml bottle END
BEGIN NOW "Pours an extremely almost black color with a lingering foamy head. Aroma is a sweet malt but with a hint of fruit. The mouthfeel is creamy and smooth. The taste is rich  with a comparison to a Guniness." END
BEGIN NOW "I picked this beer up from the Wine Gourmet in Roanoke, Virginia.  I really liked this beer.  It was of caramel and coffee.  I would have this stout again." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light blocking dark brown/black with a 4 finger head that stays for a long time.  Little bit of carbonation is noticeable.  Aroma is of dark malts with hints of fruit and coffee.  Taste is very chewy.  Hints of chocolate, dark roast malts, and slight coffee tastes. Slightly metallic.  Finishes off with dark malts staying with a dry/sticky palette.  I like it." END
BEGIN NOW Boont Amber Ale is a medium bodied pale ale with a beatiful copper color, a robust head, and the rich flavor of caramel malt. This very smooth and exceptionally drinkable beer is excellent with steaks, chicken, pasta, and other flavorful meals. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear, dark coppery amber with a thick, fluffy, pale amber-tan head. Malty aroma has an interesting yeasty overtone and a hint of fresh-cut wood. Refreshing flavor has malty and woody notes plus hints of fruit and yeast, and just a touch of hoppy bitterness. Tastier than the average amber! Smooth texture has average body and fizz, and leaves a rather woody finish. Follow the "beer" to some good beer!" END
BEGIN NOW "Amber color. Medium amount of white head. Resin, pine and caramel nose. Soft carbonation. Medium and oily body. Sweet with some bitterness. Resin, lemon, citrus, some grapefruit and some cooked vegetable flavor." END
BEGIN NOW "355 ml capped bottle. Poured in a stemmed glass an unfiltered and hazy reddish-copper coloured A A with a one finger beige and creamy foamy head that had a very long retention and tons of micro bubbles. Soft carbonation. Good lacing. The aroma is sweety and caramel malts, candy sugar, spicy, orange peels, fruity, plums, red berries , grassy and resinous hops. The flavour is moderate sweety malts, caramel, candy sugar, dried fruits, nuts and a flowery touch, violet. The mouthfeel is creamy, light sticky and smooth. The texture is oily. This medium bodied A A has a dry light bitter and sweety finish. A tasty and characterful Amber Ale from the distant California ( seen from the Old Europe ! )." END
BEGIN NOW "Thin pour with ample carbonation. Murky amber body. Smells like strawberries and grain. Good mouthfeel. Sweet, malty flavor. I definitely taste the caramel and crystal malt. I would rather not taste them. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a hazy amber copper like color forming a mid-sized and bubbled creamy head with not long lasting retention and leaving modest lacing in the glass. The aroma is very subtle, with predominantly sweet caramel malts and flowery hops.  The taste is slightly sweet upfront with caramel, bread, and roasted malts with light hoppy bitter end. The mouthfeel is light to medium body with good to strong carbonation." END
BEGIN NOW Brewed from only the finest hops, malted barley, hops, yeast, hops, and pristine Boonville mineral water, and hops. END
BEGIN NOW "Light amber opaque colored with brown lacing foam head. Aroma is definitely hoppy, like taste. Nice American style IPA. Long lasting aftertaste. (The Hague 201308)" END
BEGIN NOW "Crystal clear copper with a very tall pillowy cap that leaves behind roapy lacing on every sip. Oooooooo that smells nice!! Hard lemon candy, earthy caramel, sponge toffee. The aroma is mellow yet full. Light but full taste. Caramel, big hops, peach, lemon, leather, lots of yum. So thirsty, so I'm drinking fast and forgetting to pay attention. Brew has a heavy sweetness that sneaks up on you. Why did I just smell popcorn? Easy to jug brew with no faults." END
BEGIN NOW "This one has potential to be better, but just slightly above average IPA.  Nice strength to it....both malty and hoppy. However, the balance could be a better...as well as the feel.  Flavor is good though, not quite an 8.  Light brown to orange appearance. This and the brown ale were the ones I liked in the variety pack. So far, finding Anderson Valley a forgetable brewery." END
BEGIN NOW "Nice orange color and good head, sweet malt, piney flavor, slightly too bitter at the end and a little soapy, blah di blah di blah END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Has a bear-a-lope on the outside and funny jokes on the inside of the cap. Its also a solar powered brewery. END
BEGIN NOW   " END
BEGIN NOW "This was a very good beer.  A nice golden-orange pour, slightly hazy, and thin tan cap.  Nice citrusy aroma, some spices, and some caramel malt.  The flavour is mre of the same with the spices shining through and helping balance out the hop bitterness." END
BEGIN NOW When the phrase "California Style Ale" is used, Poleeko Gold Pale Ale is the one that comes to mind. The golden color and generous use of Pacific Northwest hops establish a distinct style, separate from any domestic or European beers. Our honey-gold pale ale is crisp and clear, with an unusual lightness and dryness for such a full-flavored ale. The arousing abundance of hops adds both a floral bouquet and a lively, citrusy finish. It is excellent alone, or with full-flavored meals and spicy dishes. END
BEGIN NOW "Just ehh for a pale ale.  Could be the worst of the 4 in the variety pack. So many out there now, a bit of a disappointment.  Flavor is ok, just off-balanced.  Nothing from this brewery really excites me yet." END
BEGIN NOW "This is an average beer at best.  Pale gold in colour with a white head.  Aroma was grainy malt and citrus hops, and little bit of light fruit.  Flavour is slightly sweet, and the hops are weak, but present" END
BEGIN NOW "Not an especially complex or intriguing beer, but enjoyable none-the-less.  Pours yellow/gold with a medium fluffy white head.  Light body with grassy tones giving way to floral and a bit of pine.  Slightly more hoppy than malty." END
BEGIN NOW "Golden, burnt orange color that was somewhat cloudy with a huge white fluffy head with great retention and very nice lacing.  The head stayed with the beer most of the way down the glass.  Nice fresh floral hops in the nose.  Picking up hints of the grapefruit/citrus and also getting a pleasant "toasty", "biscuity" aroma.  Very well balanced.  Nothing overpowering, but nice enough to temp me.  In the taste, I picked up the grapefruit/citrus, but it was mild.  Breadiness was there with an unmistakable bitterness.  The hops were not over the top and balanced well with the remaining flavors.  Medium to light, dry, crisp mouthfeel.  Coates the palate nicely.  Doesn't really hang around as long as some others, but does stay around long enough for me to savor it.  As the beer warmed the mouthfeel became ever so slightly watered.  Nice little brew here.  Very solid.  Easy drinking and worth a try in my opinion.  Another beer that would pair well with a fresh Spring and early Summer day.  It goes down way easy.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is malty and not strong, but still invites a taste. Pours a clear orange-amber with a typical white head. Flavor is crisp and malty, more like a lager than an ale, with a nice bitter hoppy undertone. Texture is smooth and just a little fizzy. Overall, not great, but worthy of at least a try." END
BEGIN NOW Angel City Ale is a smooth and very drinkable amber ale with a malty middle and a dry slightly hoppy finish. Awarded Gold Medal in the Los Angeles International Beer Competition, Angel City Ale is our flagship beer, subtle, complex and oh so drinkable. END
BEGIN NOW "This amber ale pours a amber brown color from a 22oz bottle. Medium sized white foamy head. Aroma is malty, fruity and sweet. A medium to full bodied amber. Malts are caramel and toffee, slightly sweet. Hops are a touch citrusy. Lots of non-sweet malts in this beer, kind of refreshing for an amber. Lots of malts flavor. Nice carbonation. WOW, not sure I would ever say this but this is a very drinkable amber. Mouthfeel is full. Finish is clean and dry. Aftertaste is slightly bitter. " END
BEGIN NOW "When they say that this is malty they are not wrong.  Very malty indeed. A thick earthy almost smokey feel to the flavor. A lill bit o spice appears from time to time. Decent brew. Quite refreshing. Fuckin a- i though i was eating an arby's sandwich, but i like arby's." END
BEGIN NOW Crisp golden lager not unlike some European imports but fresher tasting because its locally brewed and not pasteurized. Angel City Lager utilizes German malts and yeast and Czech Saaz hops, arguably the finest hops in the world, which gives Angel City Lager its crisp hoppy finish. Experience the way great lagers taste in Germany-right here in Southern California. END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This is one of the darkest brown ales I've had.  It has a very strong aroma of malt I also smell hops and a hint of pecan. The mouthfeel is rich but not thick and the taste is a mouth full of malt which is why I like beer." END
BEGIN NOW "I had this at 1906 Ale House in Roanoke, VA.  This was a pretty standard brown ale.  I thought it was good but not outstanding in any way.  I prefer Brooklyn Brown Ale." END
BEGIN NOW "One of the darker browns out there.   Extra malty.....a little darker would almost be a sweet or dry stout.   Appearance is dark cloudy brown.  Chocolate and caramel malt flavor with some decent finishing hops.  Something I would get again...good for the Fall/Winter season." END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is strongly malty and has an undertone of cinnamon plus fruity and yeasty hints. It pours a dark cola brown with a fairly thick, if not too persistent, light tan head. Malty flavor has tones of caramel and a hint of toffee. Texture is fairly smooth and just a little fizzy. Overall, rather decent." END
BEGIN NOW "Ellie was a dog....good to know.  Ellie was a brown dog.  Also good to know.  This is an easy drinking brown ale.  Caramel and chocolate tones dominate both the aroma and flavour profiles." END
BEGIN NOW In the 1700's one crafty brewer discovered that a healthy dose of hops and an increased alcohol content preserved his ales during the long voyage to India (as depicted in our label) to quench the thirst of British troops. Today, we tip our hat to that historic innovation by brewing Colorado's hoppiest pale ale. Avery IPA demands to be poured into your favorite glass to truly appreciate the citrusy, floral bouquet and the rich, malty finish. Brewed by hopheads for hopheads! END
BEGIN NOW "For the style, this really isn't that great of an IPA.  Balanced off a bit...needs more hops or different malt/hop variety.  Semi-clean feel...thinner maybe more like a West-Coast. Not getting much citrus in here.  For Avery, I expected a little better.  Bottle might have been old though, as I noticed this in a few of the 6-mixpack that I got from Winn-Dixie." END
BEGIN NOW "I might be stuffy but I am only getting a mild nose, hint of citrus, probably orange. Pours a light amber body with moderate short-lived head and decent lacing. Good mouth medium bodied and slightly creamy, carbonation is decent, I would not mind a bit more. Fairly hoppy in flavor most of the flavor is in the back end. Some orange, maybe some tobacco, a nutiness, strong malt backbone for an IPA, this one is close to English Pale. Nice bitterness to the finish. I like this beer although its a bit odd for an IPA. Alcohol well masked.   END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW RERATE 15 MINUTES LATER: This it the rare IPA that really blossoms after it warms a bit. Lots of fruit and flowers, how lovely to have an IPA that is quite bitter WITHOUT the standard big mouth of grapefruit, and with such a solid malt undertone. This one is aces! A testimony to a brewer that really understands the ingredients and how to achieve balance." END
BEGIN NOW "I picked this up from the Wine Gourmet in Roanoke, VA.  This beer was quite good.  A decent representative of the standard.  It was more piney than citrus.  Aroma was a mix of citrus and pine.  I've had a few Avery beers - none have disappointed.  I like Avery!" END
BEGIN NOW "pours a murky medium orange with some yellow highlights and a small white creamy head that was somewhat lasting, which produced some excellent sheeting of lace that coated the glass.  The aroma was of floral and spruce hops, a grain malt and a soapy yeast with notes of caramel and citrus (grapefruit).  The taste was nicely bitter and lightly malty with a mild sweet caramel undertone from the start, progressing into a nice bitter hoppy taste with just a hint of citrus at the end.  The mouthfeel was medium in body with a dry texture and a mild carbonation." END
BEGIN NOW "A nice golden orange pour with a medium sized white head. Aroma of citrus, pine, and sweetness from the malt. The flavor was bitter grapefruit and sweet malts, maybe a tad too much for me, but still an enjoyable IPA. Would like to try more from Avery. " END
BEGIN NOW Redpoint Ale. Ahhh, Success!! It's taken a lot of time and effort to create this unique, rich red ale with a distinct hop bouquet. Enjoy our achievement in celebration of your own accomplishments. Cheers! END
BEGIN NOW "Semi occluded reddish-brown colored ale.  Small off white frothy head.  Not much hang time.  Settles into a moderate lacing.  Sweet, malty, bready nose.  Light bodied and smooth body.  Sweet malt dominates the taste buds.  But there is some citrusy hops come through.  Not an intense beer, but highly drinkable.  Not an outstanding representation of the genre, but not all that bad either.  " END
BEGIN NOW "When I first tried this beer, my first thoughts were of Rickard's Red, the Canadian Amber beer.  This pours a clear amber colour with a nice tan head.  The aroma was kind of skunky, not much more than heavy sticky malt.  The flavour on the other hand was much better than the aroma with a sweet malty taste, and a nice citrusy hoppy bitterness that gave it a great finish." END
BEGIN NOW "malty nose reminiscent of a tahoe red, nice body with the same predominantly malty flavor.  that's not to say there's not some nice hops in here to, but they are overpowered a bit.  they come out a little as it warms.  not my favorite amber, but not too far behind either. END
BEGIN NOW 8/09-great session beer...hitting the spot as i write this." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a hazy copper-amber color with a nice off-white head with some staying power and decent amounts of lacing.  Aroma is mostly fruity with traces of hops and malts.  Malty taste with some brown sugar and spices with fruity hops.  Mild bitterness in the finish.  Mouthfeel seemed a little thin or perhaps a touch unbalanced.  Nothing special but a pretty good session beer.  " END
BEGIN NOW "A Bit of skunk on the nose and I know it was fresh. Great Burnt red color with some white head that quickly fades. Great mouthfeel not dry or to thick. Flavor is classic amber style with a very small amout of bittering at the end. Great session beer!" END
BEGIN NOW Big Bear Stout Ale - Big Bear, as the name implies, is a hefty, black, Russian Imperial-style stout. This strong stout boasts a rich, caramel sweetness lavished by a robust, deep-roasted heartiness you can sink your teeth into. ...Big Bear's bold flavors are produced using a blend of Belgian and English roasted barley and crystal malts. Some unique flavors come forth in the malt character. ...Louisiana sweet molasses and dark brown sugar. This dark brew is well hopped with Chinook and Cascade hops, which are somewhat, masked by the malt. This is a balanced strong brew boasting an A.V.B. of 8.1% that can creep up on you, "so don't get mauled". It has a dry roasted quality that masks its' high alchohol content, so drink responsibly. 2004 California State Fair, Silver Medal Winner; 2002 World Beer Cup, Gold Medal Winner; END
BEGIN NOW "Very enjoyable flavour but I don't get why it is so highly rated in style and overall rank. Flavour has all the qualities of a good impy stout.  Must try this again, maybe I missed something." END
BEGIN NOW "Deep black colored beer with a big frothy textured, cocoa brown head rising above.  There's excellent hang time on the head.  It settles into a seep full film ringlet and persistent cap.  A mocha nose of chocolate and coffee.  The blending of the coffee and dark chocolate is beautiful.  Full bodied, creamy richness.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Beer Ten of my Twelve Beers of Christmas, long time Wish List item. Near-black brown pour, big frothy beige head, tons of lacing. Deeply roasted malts, Blackstrap molasses, near-burnt toast, hint of licorice, huge dose of earthy hops in the aroma and taste, big and bold, then smoothing out a bit as it warms. Nice heavy stout linger with more than ample hops presence. Fantastic stout and a real bargain @ $5.99/bomber. " END
BEGIN NOW "Another great gift from slowrunner77. Wow - big and bold in every respect. Deep, dark pour with a nice tan head. Chocolate, licorice and dried fruit aroma with a bit of roasted malt and vanilla added to flavor. Velvet of the pallette. Light, but not unpleasant, sweetness. Very nice." END
BEGIN NOW "Wow! Really disappointed with this beer. I got a lot of bitterness and not much flavor on the palate. Nothing smooth, sweet, coffee, chocolate, etc. I was hoping for more. The longer I let it sit the more flavor started coming to it, but it was still disappointing. I will try this again down the road to see if I just had a bad bottle. " END
BEGIN NOW This is a hoppy IPA. Did I say hops? Your brewer is a hop head! This is a full bodied beer using American grains. The goal was to create a base for showing off the unique floral qualities of two Pacific Northwest hops, Columbus and Cascade. Columbus is a new hybrid High Alpha Acid hop used mostly for bittering, but used heavily as an aromatic in this strong brew. Cascade is the balance that ties the malt and bittering hops together. It is a true specialty ale and is our brewer's statement on this style. 2004 L.A. Commercial Brewing Competition, Silver Medal Winner; 2004 World Beer Cup, Silver Medal Winner; 2001 Real Ale Festival, San Diego, Gold Medal Winner; 2001 Real Ale Festival, Chicago, Gold Medal Winner; 1999 Great Amercian Beer Festival, Gold Medal Winner - og 1.070, ABV 7.0%, IBU 69. California State Fair Bronze Medal, 1997 Beerfest Invitational. - og 1.070, ABV 7.0%, IBU 69. END
BEGIN NOW "Opaque orange off white lacing foam. Good bitter aroma and likewise taste, nothing else there, some floral notes. Nice lasting aftertaste. (Houston 201408)" END
BEGIN NOW "Modest nose, some fruity notes within the malt; peach pie? Short lived head leaves good lace which sits atop a medium amber body. Mouth is medium with good carbonation level. Nicely bitter with some pine and some fresh fruity notes and good malt backbone." END
BEGIN NOW "Looks good to start but the head dissipates quickly to leave just a skim. Not much lacing but beer slides down the inside of the glass. Has a full slick mouthfeel. Strong aroma of pine and grapefruit. Flavour is much the same as the nose with some background malt sweetness and a touch floral. Very drinkable IPA. Deserves it's high ranking." END
BEGIN NOW "This brew gets a lot of hype, and just recently seen it distributed here in FL. I thought it would be a possible top 10 for me in this syle, but don't think it makes that cut.  A solid all-around IPA, which leans heavily towards the hop side. Not much malt here though.  I prefer somewhat more balanced.  If you are looking for a quality hop-bomb, this is it!" END
BEGIN NOW The brew of choice for mountain bikers, and adventurous types worldwide. (Are you excited now!) This fiery red ale is not for the weak at heart. It originally started out as a Scottish red ale but has taken on flavors of its own. This is a very complex recipe using five different grains to achieve its unique flavor. The caramel malt used is a mixture of Belgian Caravienne and Hugh Bairds Crystal malts. Red Rocket is a full bodied, hoppy brew which finishes on the pallet with caramel malts. Centennial and Cascade hops are used for bittering and aroma.2004 L.A. Commercial Brewing Competition, Gold Medal Winner; 2004 West Coast Commercial Brewers Competition, First Place; 2003 California State Fair, Gold MedalWinner; 2002 California State Fair, Silver Medal Winner; 2001 California State Fair Gold Medal Winner; 2001 Real Ale Festival, Chicago, Bronze Medal Winner; 2000 California State Fair, Bronze Medal Winner; 1999 Great American Beer Festival, Silver Medal Winner; 1998 Great American Beer Festival, Silver Medal Winner - og 1.067, ABV 6.8%, IBU 65+. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out ice tea color with a tint of red. Aroma is very mild with a hint of hop. The mouthfeel is a little thin. The taste is okay normal run of the mill ale with just a slight note of hops." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a cloudy copper red with no head what so ever.  Decently carbonated and it unfiltered.  Aroma is hoppy with a hints of pine.  Little apple on the nose as well.   Taste is very bready with hints of hops and malts.  Dry and watered down, not much of a body.  A bit on the boozy side as well.  A bit over hyped in this case. Not exactly the best out there." END
BEGIN NOW "And then I went back for this amber.  Another bold colored, this one amber colored.  Big tightly frothy white head.  Good staying power.  Noce lacing on glass and atop the creamy, mildly effervecsent body.  Sweet malt and a mild floral-citric hop profile dance well.  " END
BEGIN NOW "22 oz brown bottle. Billed as a bastardized Scottish Red, this beer deliberately flouts style conventions. Unfiltered and bottle conditioned.  6.8% abv.  Pours a deep mahogany with a thin tan head. Good lace. Color is between Scottish ale and typical red ale. Less foam than expected after a straight pour into pint shakers. Deep, complex aroma excites the palate. Both malt and hops in abundance. Hops are more floral than citrus. Fairly low alcohol is easily masked by dominant malt flavor profile typical of Scottish ale. Very smooth on the palate, due to syrupy malt and low carbonation.  Pleasure continues to develop after the swallow as some faintly smoky and pine-like flavors outlast the sweet malt. Like it, love it, want more of it. " END
BEGIN NOW "pours brownish red, slightly hazy with moderate lasting head.  Flavor is a pleasant blend of hops, grapefruit with malty yeast.  After flavor is moderately long lasting bitter with a long slow follow through.  This is a definite "find it, buy it" brew END
BEGIN NOW  ." END
BEGIN NOW Special XP Pale Ale - This is our interpretation of a classic pale ale. Our "XP" (exceptional pale) has a golden color, and is very light bodied with a noticeable hop aroma and bittering element that just teases the hopheads but satisfies the newest of microbrewed ale drinkers. This beer is brewed with American Two Row, English wheat, Belgian, and Dextrin malts. Mix this with just the right amounts of Cascade and Centennial hops and you've got a winner!!2003 Real Ale Festival, Chicago, Bronze Medal Winner; 2001 North American Brewers' Awards, Gold Medal Winner; 2000 California State Fair, Bronze Medal Winner; 1997 Beerfest Invitational, Bronze Medal Winner - og 1.052, ABV 5.4%, IBU 55. END
BEGIN NOW "Based on the Racer 5, I thought this would be a little better.  Semi-smooth beer and hoppy for a pale ale.  I've had IPAs with this kind of bitterness.  Clear, yet with enough malt in it to give a light orange appearance.  Flavors of caramel malt, citrus hops...with some floral notes as well.  Balance could be a little better.  Decent pale ale, though not one I would return to for this price." END
BEGIN NOW "A bright golden-amber colored beer with a small loose-bubbled soapy textured off white head that rises briefly above.  Dettles into a thin ringlt with light film.  Muted nose.  Some grassiness.  The tasting is grassy hops on subtlebiscuit malt.  A light effevescent crisp body.  " END
BEGIN NOW This richly textured, roasty dry stout has a boost of bitter and charismatic flavor from the addition of cocoa powder in the mash. We blend five unique organic malts to create Bison's most award winning beer. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours near black with brown edging with small light cocoa colored head, with fair retention and very little, if any, lacing.  The aroma is predominant bittersweet dark cocoa aroma with notes of earth and hints of caramel.  The taste has a more earthy than chocolate taste with light touches on caramel and finishes with mild earthy bitterness.  The mouthfeel is light in body, almost watery with weak carbonation." END
BEGIN NOW "So, when was the last time a bison was spotted in Berkeley.............if ever?  Makes me wonder why you name your brewing company after the animal.  A highly drinkable stout with no extraordinary characteristics.  Typical roasted malt, coffee and chocolate make up the nose and flavour." END
BEGIN NOW "Very dark brown with very attractive ruby highlights.  Appears clear when held to the light.  Tan head that was a bit disappointing as far as size and retention.  Did leave a bit of lacing for me though.  Settled to a thin ring aorund the top.  A very nice freshly ground coffee bean type smell.  Picking up a powdered chocolate cocoa note also.  I LOVE this smell!!!  The coffee aroma seems a bit heavier than the cocoa, but that is quite alright.  The taste is not quite as robust as the aroma.  Still adequate however.  Again, the coffee comes forth with the chocolate cocoa.  The malt is a bit more earthy in the taste also.  Must be the organic treatment.  Solid.  Taste got a bit chalky the longer I sipped.  Mouthfeel seemed more medium/thin than medium/full as with most Stouts.  It was dry and smooth.  Didn't cover the palate as well as would have liked, but it did an ok job.  This is a decent little Stout.  Not the best, but worth a try I think.  I could go for this on occasion without any fuss.  I might pick it up again if I see it.  I wouldn't mind seeing and trying some of their other brews too.  I do really appreciate the smell of this brew though." END
BEGIN NOW "Rich aroma has a firm tone of quality roast coffee and a sweet chocolate overtone. It pours a deep bubbly sable with a thick, fluffy, light tan head. Flavor is smoky and chocolaty with an undertone of molasses, slightly sweet, a bit on the thin side but still pleasing. Texture is smooth and fizzy, a bit watery but not too shabby." END
BEGIN NOW "Come on. Just stop it. Enough already. Your beer sucks. This tastes like Yoo-hoo watered down with Milwaukee's best. Oh, wait. It's ORGANIC!!!! I love this stuff.... It's green!  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Interesting beer! Dark Copper color, small head. A spicy light bodied ale. The question is the spiciness from the coriander or the rye? Probably a little of both. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is hoppy and spicy. A different taste. I like this beer a lot. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a nice dark honey color. Head quickly disappears into a halo of tiny bubbles around the edge of the glass. Nose is biscuity with very little hop presence. Flavor is disappointingly middle of the road as is the body. Reading the label led me to think I was in for a colossal "C" hop bombing. Unfortunately I got an average APA. Nothing special." END
BEGIN NOW "Light Amber color, nearly copper, medium head. Nice maltyness, slight sweetness. Refreshing beer, good aftertaste, more malty than bitter" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Cloudy straw color, medium head. German style hefe-weisen. A subtle banana nose, more noticeable in the taste. Finish is smooth. Aftertaste is very slightly bitter, hardly noticeable. Nice beer, very reminiscent of the style." END
BEGIN NOW An unfiltered wheat ale spiced in the Belgian tradition for an uncommonly smooth taste. Gold medalist (white beer) at 1995 World Beer Championships, silver medalist (white beer) at 1996 and 1997 World Beer Championships. END
BEGIN NOW "Murky, ocra color with small, frothy, white head that dissipate fast. Aroma of coriander, parsley, some other vegetable and spices. Taste is really weird, like drinking beer made of vegetable instead of using malt." END
BEGIN NOW "Came out of the tap yellow and cloudy. The aroma was of wheat and malt. The mouthfeel was to thin for my liking. The aroma was like the taste bitter sweet from the grains. I suppose others might like this but I only drank half the glass." END
BEGIN NOW "Granted, wit isn't my favorite style of beer but I've had some that are really well made.  Blue Moon just isn't one of them.  Hard to get past the fruity soap aroma.  This is not a beer I would choose at a bar even if there were no craft options." END
BEGIN NOW "Served in bottle so hard to judge appeatance, also served too cold. Taste is typical wheat beer, but bit too sweet. Looks to me when served properly this has great potential. (Houston 201201)" END
BEGIN NOW "pours a pale cloudy orange-gold color witha medium sized head that dissipated almost instantly. A very thin bubble lace that sticks around about as long as the head.  The aroma is sweet smelling, lots of citrus and hints of coriander and lightly peppery and pleasant to the nose. The taste is creamy moderate body with a light crispness from the wheat. Sweetness hits up front that creeps into a light citrus and peppercorn flavor. Finishes with the lingering crispness of wheat, and just enough dryness to make your mouth water for another taste. No real hop flavor. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Amber pour with odd fruity aroma.  I think something was wrong with this...it reminded of the Penn Weizen I had a ways back.  Sour, citrus like bitter lemon mixed with sugar.  Overcarbonated and thin.  I couldn't finish it.  I even let it warm way up...no improvement.  Yuck." END
BEGIN NOW "An odd bottle to find hidden away in the "Mysterious Forgotten Singles" section of the the liquor store cooler (owner's words, not mine). END
BEGIN NOW "Amber color. Small head. Aroma is sweet malt. A medium bodied lager. Malts are slightly sweet. Hops are soft and slightly spicy. Nicely balanced. Taste is somewhere between a lager and an amber/Vienna. Nice refreshing beer. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is slightly bitter" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a medium copper color with small but noticeable head.  Somewhat sour flavor and aroma, offset by a stunningly pleasant palate.  Sweetly malted, nice..." END
BEGIN NOW "Although  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Although I own stock in this company I can not say I am proud of the product they put out.  This one is sort of sour tasting and I would not buy a case of it. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Another good effort from the Blue Ridge folks.  Pour was amber colored with decent head and some lacing.  The aroma was citrusy.  The flavor was caramel, bready sweet with a citrusy hop bite.  Well balanced.  Good beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured an amber color with a large head, left okay lacind.  Smelled of caramel  Medium to full bodied beer.  Tasted of hops and caramel.  Smooth finish, nice balance. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Medium amber color. Medium to large sized white foamy head. Aroma is caramel and sweet with a touch of floral hops. A medium bodied ESB/bitter. Malts are fruity, caramel, toffee and sweet. Hops are floral and piney. English style bitter. Nice balance. Smooth taste. Nice sweet malt finish. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and dry. Aftertaste is slightly sweet. " END
BEGIN NOW "lucky 7's........rich orange color, soft head, some lacing. lively bubbles. Sweet grainy scents to this. Good ESB with just the right amount of underlying bitterness. Clean flavors of juicy apple (say apple juice) to start, then finishes with lengthy grassy/ orange hop bitter. Medium body and not to bitter, just drinkable. Malt is bright and sweet but i'd like a bit more backbone to this here. True to the style and just a bit of "red" character." END
BEGIN NOW "Copper-amber in color, very rich in hue, with a decent white head and lively effervescence. Aroma is hoppy, slightly metallic with a light, sweet malt base. Mouthfeel is fairly full and creamy smooth...soft and easy-drinking. Flavor is very well-balanced between a full, light malt body and a clean, piney hop bitterness. Finish is clean and sweet with a barely-detectable bitter note. Overall, this is a good ESB, but not a great one (try Fuller's ESB for example)." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Golden pour with smallish fizzy head and no lacing.  Malty aroma.  Flavor was light grainy malt with a mild hop bitterness.  High level of carbonation present in this one as well.  Kind of boring...but it is a blond ale, so go figure." END
BEGIN NOW "This beer is not very exciting and is quite bland.  This is not for the experienced palate.  Noy one to go out of your way for." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Comes out of the tap a clear dark amber that is almost coppery. The pint I got did not have much of a head, but this may have been an artifact of the pour. Crisp, malty aroma has an undertone of apple cider and a teeny hint of cloves. Crisp, lively, malty flavor has an apple overtone and hints of cloves and caramel. Lively, tingly, ragged texture leaves a nice fruity fizz." END
BEGIN NOW "pale copper color with a small anount of lacing. A lit bit of grassy hop with a decent malt backbone. A dry finish that Was hardly exciting. So Far I'm not impressed with this brewpub. " END
BEGIN NOW "Surprisingly hoppy and malty smell to it. Pours a copper golden color. Thick white head. full and flavorful in the mouth. This is easily my favorite brideport offering. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a vibrant copper colour with a medium sized white head. it has a round mouthfeel and soft smooth creamy texture on the palate. refreshing, fruity,  crip finish with well integrated hops." END
BEGIN NOW "Again Bridgeport puts out a solid beer. Smells great and very balanced in flavor. Nothing amazingly special but just special enough to drink often and in large quantities..." END
BEGIN NOW Reminiscent of the great Irish stouts, BridgePort Black Strap Stout combines a generous dose of Northwest hops with the sweetness of black strap molasses to yield a rich and creamy brew. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark,brown almost black with a tan head.  Aroma is a nice combination of chocolate, molases and hops.  Taste is malty with a good mouthfeel.  There are some notes of bitterness throughout as well giving good balance.  Very good beer.   " END
BEGIN NOW "A nice offering from Bridgeport, Aroma and flavors of  dark bitter chocolate, sweet, burnt molasses, coffee, with some hop notes as well. Mouthfeel is smooth, with a dry finish. A nice stout, thats worth a try. " END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is rich and smoky, and just a little sweet. It comes out of the bottle a dark, nearly opaque chocolaty brown and finishes the pour with a thick, fine-bubbled, light tan head. Flavor is rich if not too complex, rather hoppy, sweet but not cloying, with an undertone of molasses and hints of chocolate and caramel. Texture is very smooth and quite fizzy." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours an opaque black colour with well integrated hops, lots of syrupy aroma, big full body, thick head, and a nice caramel finish, sort of malty mid palate, really smooth stout, a not too rich" END
BEGIN NOW "Dark, dark as night, decent head and lacing.  Aroma was roast.  Very dry flavor, with some roastiness and burnt malt flavor.  A little thin in the mouthfeel, but not bad." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a paler  amber, slightly cloudy with a nice off-white head on top. The aroma is very nice. Fresh grapefruit hops and dried apricots make for a nice nose. The flavor is a bit thin on the malt side. The hops are just as nice in the flavor as they are in the aroma." END
BEGIN NOW "Opaque golden, white lacing foem head. Hoppy aroma, that is OK, but not so nice taste. Bitterness, but also some barnyard. Slightly disapointed with this beer. (Houston 201501)" END
BEGIN NOW "Light citrus (more orange than graperuit) on the nose with some pine.  Medium-light bodied.  A touch malt heavy, maybe due to age.  The hops are there, but don't quite pop...though the finish is more than adequately bitter.  OK." END
BEGIN NOW "On tap at the new Casual Pint, Downtown Knoxville. Amber orange pour with a nice white head and lacing.  Ample hoppy aroma with citrus, some pine and earthiness, light sweet malts.  Nice flavor with the hops bittering just enough to create a very pleasant IPA, not overpoweringly bitter but ample.  Nice IPA, easy to drink." END
BEGIN NOW "This will never be my favourite IPA, too much going on and none of it stellar in my opinion.  A cloudy golden pour with aroma of citrus, pine and grass.  Flavour is quite muddled with all flavours quite weak.  Beer is thinner than to be expected as well  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "fairly textbook from the english standpoint.  maybe a little thin for the american standard, but it's got a good roasty chocolate and coffee nose with an additional hint of molasses and hops in the flavor." END
BEGIN NOW "This is a super creamy beer. The foam was still there after almost an hour. Off white head on a nice ruby beer. Roast and dry. Dark fruit flavor with a very dry finish. Feels like a medium body at first but finishes thin strangely enough. Still my favorite out of 5 bridgeports so far. " END
BEGIN NOW "I've only eveer had this porter from the cask...pretty good, it had a good creamy head much like the great guiness. Very dark in color and robust in flavor...great." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a nice ruby/black cherry/mahogany with a light caramel head.  Lovely, but that's where it ends.  The nose is good with a mildly roasted sweet coffee aroma, but the flavor does not deliver.  The beer seems thin and flavors are far from lingering.  Really disappointing porter." END
BEGIN NOW "Dark brown color, small head, roasted malt aroma. Roasted malts. Full flavored. Lighter taste than most porters. Mouthfeel is full and round, no bitterness. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is malty, no bitterness." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bomber from Pt Roberts (WA) Marketplace.  Mahogany pour with a thin beige head, and it did leave a ring.  Aroma was caramel and boozy, not in a bad way.  Lots of alcohol in the flavour, although no burn.  Malty flavour, maybe some dark fruit (raisins).  Solid mouthfeel.  Subdued sweetness to finish.  One of the better offerings from this brewery." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours deep mahogany with a two-finger tan head.  Rich and creamy on the lips disintegrating to a watery feel to the pallette.  Malty sweetness with just the right amount of hops for a great flavor.  Alcohol tones very present throughout." END
BEGIN NOW "bottling # 12 .. ... quite upfront but smooth .. . abit thin in the mouth .. .taste is nicebut seems all over the place .. low bitterness .. "i've been calling her krandell" .. . really seems alcoholic, . what would age do to this pup .. . seems to bypass the throat and pipes and goes right to the stomach! .. . . 'skinny, crabby, catch ya later' ..." END
BEGIN NOW "At 9%, this brew delivered a nice buzz. Pours a dark, reddish brwon colour with a decent sized tan head. Creamy roasted malts, sweet all the way through which finishes rich with hops. " END
BEGIN NOW "So I bombed an exam and needed a beer. I picked up one that called me by what I felt like: Old Nucklehead. The high alcohol content should help calm my nerves and allow me to sleep so I can start cramming for tomorrow's final.  Oh yeah, about the beer...  Cool bottle with a nice story. 2003 bottling on this one. "...[D]ouble the amount of malts and hops." Pours flawlessly and a beautiful head that leaves a very nice lace.  Smells great. If you didn't read the label, this is when you realize this ain't no 3.2 beer. Spicy malt makes its way through the alcohol scent.  The taste is great, but man can you taste the alcohol. It's almost like someone spiked it with a nice vodka. Bigfoot by Sierra Nevada does a much better job masking this content. This, IMO, is the only thing holding me back from giving it a *much* higher rating.   The only reason it didn't get a higher rating in drinkability is, well, by now you know.  If you don't mind the taste of alcohol, you will absolutely love this barleywine. I think I'm going to pick up a few bottles and cellar it for a while to see if I can get it to mellow a bit. Otherwise, this is world-class." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW Beware the penguins! END
BEGIN NOW "Just another beer from the big marketing machine. To get a chunk of your change. The only thing good about this beer is the name Ice and the attractive blue label. Which makes your mind think it will be good and col." END
BEGIN NOW "After reviewing the Natural Ice from A-B, decided to see the differences with this one. Came in a 12-pack in the States, of clear bottles. Pours the same light golden colour, with a white frothy head, average retention and dirty lace. Pretty much just smells like corn. The mouthfeel gave me some sticky teeth, but overall refreshing when real cold. The taste is pretty mild with the corn again. Nothing too chemical here. Kind of reminds me a stronger Corona (with the clear bottle). Less offensive than the Natural Ice, so better and not bad for the price when had cold." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a light amber with a very faint brown shade. Thin, fleeting head and no lace.  The aroma is very faint and consists of slightly grainy.  The taste what there is of it consists of grains.  The mouthfeel is light to medium bodied.  Another great example of why A/B is the King of Crap beers!" END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a light golden-yellow with a thin white head and some surrounding lacing. An aroma of malts, light hops, sourness, lemon and citrus, tin, and some spiciness. The mouthfeel is smooth and fairly rich. Flavors of malts, light hops, lemon and citrus, light breadiness, subtle alcohol and mildly spicy. It is swill, but actually rather smooth." END
BEGIN NOW "Wow! This is the best beer that I've ever had! LOL. The "ICE" name was so seducing that I coudln't resist this tasty brew!!! LOL. Like the USA version of Lebat blue..... Horrible HOSERS! Oh, I almost forgot. Michael Jackson called. He wants his glove back!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW " Pours clear, pale yellow with white head. Dissipates quickly. Weak aroma of malts and grain. Medium low carbonation. Almost no taste at all. A little saltiness - not much else. " END
BEGIN NOW "Who haven't drank this beer in America. When it's served really cold at a ball game. It does help to wash down the peanuts and hot dogs. It's one of those beers your buddies who don't know any better drink." END
BEGIN NOW "This beer is the equivalent of tasting sterilized hospital water. I first tried this when I was in high school due to the massive amounts of media-marketing involved, but yeah........never again. In fact, you can probably brew up a batch with friends creating your own recipe putting this beer to shame. If you enjoy this? May the Beer-Gods have mercy on your soul. " END
BEGIN NOW "King of Beers.... Its the coca-cola of beer. good taste and very hoppy and rich yellow amber. go do the bud tour and you can see it all plus you get 2 free beers at the end of the tour. " END
BEGIN NOW "From can, thus hard to tell color and foam, only taste. And taste is metellic. Nothing much to say about this beer, a pilsener for the mass American style. (Houston, 201201)" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I'm going to find a new fishing buddy because this is what he choose to bring. His reasoning was that a 12 pack cost the same as a 6 pack of Corona. Wish he had just bought some Pepsi." END
BEGIN NOW "Rewviewed Bud Light last. These new cans are awesome. Most men Can't Find Busch. Momentarily listening Along To M. Manson (Marilyn). Classic. Great with Pate or (Goose liver). We All Remember SNL. Much to Me? Then You. For This is a A-Busch, A Beer and A Night to remember. How about it: To night and Just right. And You ? Who Me ?" END
BEGIN NOW "If your young and broke & need lots of beer then this would be one to choose.  Of course you need to server this beer as ice cold as you can get it.  Also good beer for beer drinking games.  Beer has some taste but is a little watery." END
BEGIN NOW "admittedly, I had one of these in Utah, so it was a 3.2% ABWer, but what really got me was the slogan "A taste clean and clear like mountain air". Really?!?! Air?! Should the flavour of beer be compared to oxygen? Classic.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW And somewhat quaffable. I had to politely, and then forcefully decline a second, and admittedly choke down the end of the first, but it wasn't terrible. " END
BEGIN NOW "Busch beer is average, I actually prefer Busch Ice more, not cause of the alcohol, but because I think it's a better beer with a better flavor. Regular Busch beer tastes a little watery. There's not much flavor to it. Busch Ice at least has a little character. Buy Busch Ice instead, it's a better buy. On the other hand regular Busch beer is not that bad, you can usually pick up a 12 pack for about 9 bucks so that not too bad,I'd buy this before any of that milwaukees best stuff!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "pleasant enough, but ultimately uninspired.  i'd prefer the more robust and refreshing flavor of a sam smith's organic to this one...just not enough to get excited about." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a cloudy orangeish colour with a large fruity white head. Floral hops and sweet malts in the aroma, a little sweeter than what i expected it to be. pleasent none the less. finishes creamy with a lingering hop taste." END
BEGIN NOW "The orange-brown coloring and thin head was very nice, but that was about it as far as enjoyable qualities here.  The aroma was faintly citrus-like and hoppy, but on the sour side.  The taste was very sour and not enjoyable at all." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light, yellowy-brown with scattered head.  The aroma is simple and balanced, but lacks the malty richness of the best amber ales.  Light-to-medium body and amply carbonated.  Flavor is light and balanced, however I noted an unpleasant metallic quality in each of the bottles I sampled." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled from bottle.  Pours cloudy orange-copper with a creamy, off-white head and frothy lacing.  Aroma is mild and spicy.  Its flavor is slighly bitter and hoppy (pine & spice).  Bitterness lingers.  Medium-bodied and moderately carbonated.  Not too complex, but easy to drink and quite refreshing.  " END
BEGIN NOW Brewed with premium organic malted barley and organic hops, this beer is a rich and robust dark ale with a crisp hop start and a smooth chocolate finish. It is 6.1% alcohol by volume. END
BEGIN NOW "First sample from Butte Creek.  A good clean, lighter porter.  A little on the thin side and lacking some flavor.  Similar to some of the porters that come from the UK.  Pours a darker brown appearance.  Flavors of barley and chocolate malt.  Nice to try and organic and all, but I prefer a thicker/maltier porter with a bit more hop to it." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Light gold color, medium head. Medium hopped, with some malt sweetness. A slightly sweet beer. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is slightly bitter, with some sweetness" END
BEGIN NOW "Very impressive. For only 4.99 this was a damn fine find. What else can i say, it won a gold medal at the great american beer festival." END
BEGIN NOW "orange colour, fine foam, well-hopped, fresh, bitter - pleasant" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Dont know if its just my bottle but this beer had a hop nose that a APA would be jealous of.a nice amount of roastedness but mainly just a hop monster. Maybe not true to style but I like it!" END
BEGIN NOW "Toasted and roasted aroma on this one. Dark as a dark tower. A nice roasted caramel body to it, not overbearing and quite decent." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured dark with big head that when I blinked, was gone, bastards. First tatse was like a light port. Chocolate finish. Let it age, baby. I have one in  the celler." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Chili spices up an otherwise ordinary lager. chili aroma, lots of chili flavor and then a chili kick. great heat balance. quite a decent beer! nice change. water doesn't even cool the pipes." END
BEGIN NOW "I'll admit....was sold on the chili pepper in the bottle.  Actually wasn't as bad as I thought it would be after reading some of the reviews.  Had it over a year ago, but forgot to review then.  No stomach ache or nothing.  Pretty much a spicey pale lager, but did not find it overwhelming.  Slightly hopped at the end.  The best part I think was nibbling on the pepper at the end." END
BEGIN NOW "Glad to see I'm not the only sadist on this site.  I knew full well what I was getting into when I bought this but thought it would be fun to share the pain with friends and family.  Besides the shriveled up pepper in the bottle, this looks just like any other macro lager.  How things change when you get the beer closer to your nose.  Spicy pepper overwhelms everything else.  Even splitting this into 2oz samples was too much for most of us.  Truly awful!  Use a better base beer and dial back the heat a bit and it might not be so miserable." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear pale golden color with a thin head on the pour disappears about as soon as it hits the glass.  The aroma Wow! Wow! lots of pepper, and I mean a lot of pepper with some bread and corn. The taste is very watery with a ton of sweet boiled corn flavor. Heat hits about midway an takes over anything else in the way of flavor. Very thin mouthfeel. Really, really not good!!! END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "This is totally self inflicted pain, I read all the reviews and tried it anyway, I must be a sadist.  Smell is like a good chili, but this isn't a chilly contest is it?  It tastes like a hot chili with maybe just a tiny bit of malt in there but not enough to make this taste at all like beer. I do have a chili recipe that calls for beer, perhaps this isn't a total waste..." END
BEGIN NOW Take a step back in time and enjoy the flavors of this popular Medieval Elixir. Our Mead is made with similar recipes used in Medieval Times. END
BEGIN NOW "The first mead I ever tried, over 20 years ago, and I am reviewing it for the first time now. Golden yellow and clear, I chucked the mulling spices and served this cold. Aroma is sweet and... minty? Yep, like mead mixed with wintergreen candy. Weird. And it tastes the same: Overly sweet mead with wintergreen. The latter is OK with me, I do like wintergreen, but the sweetness is really too much. Practically no carbonation, this is flat and thick. I prefer the other meads I've had so far." END
BEGIN NOW "Chaucers Mead pushed me over the edge. -- Consuming Chaucers was a life changing experience.  Shortly after having this mead for the first time I started my quest to reproduce it for my own.  I started a halfway serious hobby of wine and mead making. Fortunately my meads were among my best beverages but I was never able to duplicate Chaucers Mead.  This is a dessert mead, fairly sweet, fully of honey goodness. ages well.  The flavor is not for everybody, but it's worth a try, who knows it just might change your life to! " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "   I've never tried a cider I don't like.  True, it's not ale, but it's yummy.  This one has a hint of a cranberry flavor to it that's not over the top.  Bite of some other ciders is missing here, which is something of a downfall.  Pours with a little head and a appearance that approaches that of Cherry pop.  Body/mouthfeel similar to that of ale.  Worth a try." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "From the Sunken Sampler (or some such thing)... I wasn't expecting much, but it surprised me by being better than my expectations.  Pours golden-amber with a faint head and nice lacing.  A hoppy/sweet nose and flavor with a clean finish make this a very pleasant brew." END
BEGIN NOW "This came part of my beer of the month selection. A easy drinking beer but nothing that wows you. A golden pour with aromas of grass and citrus. Not much head, but smooth and easy going down. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a honey yellow with a tight decent white head and some lacing.  Sweet bready aroma with a touch of fruits and hops.  Taste is non-remarkable but nice with slightly sweetness from malts and a very slight bitter in the end.  "Drinkable" is what comes to mind." END
BEGIN NOW "A beer of the month club entry for the March/April 2010 shipment.  This beer appears to have been rebranded as "Heavy Seas Gold Ale".  Pours as a -- strangely -- "gold" color, short lived head and little lacing.  Refreshing light taste that went well with a meal of artichokes and roast beef. A nice change from the heavier IPA's and Porters that we all love." END
BEGIN NOW "poured what was described...gold, but it had a ton of "floaties" which didn't do a ton for the look of it.  The taste was decent though.  It has a nice malt hop balance.  A decent session brew for sure." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Yellow colour, small white head. Vegetably malty aroma with hayish hints. Vegetably and hayish malts in flavour along with mild hopping and sugar. Blah. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "A bit hazyish orangeish amber colour, mediumsized white head. Quite sweet caramellish malty aroma with big hoppy kick. Flavour is big hayish and grassy hops. Nothing too special. Watery. " END
BEGIN NOW The Silver Bullet. END
BEGIN NOW "Bought some of these because I want to see the picture of the Rocky mountains turn blue. When the can got cold which it did. I'd have to say that is the most interesting thing about this flavored water." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours almost the color of water with a one finger head that goes away fast.  Lots of little bubbles in the glass.  Aroma is malty and soapy.  taste is watered down with hints of grass and grain.  Finishes off like the piss it is.  " END
BEGIN NOW "it's a very clear beer with a white creamy foam, that disappears quickly, it smelled a little grany and fresh, a little citrus, in mouth it's quite crispy and the aroma was very light, there's a lot of water, it's good when you were thirsty." END
BEGIN NOW "At airport being thirsty. Pale yellow with small white foam head. Aroma to me not existing, taste is watered down pilsener. To be expected from a US volume produced light beer. (Moscow 201206)" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a pale yellow color. Smell is mild, some sweetness. Taste is light, a green apple flavor, refreshing. Feels light in the mouth and overall, while nothing special, it's far from the worst light beers out there." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I have had this one in bottles and fresh from the tap at the brewery.  This is probably my least favorite one that they put out.  If you're at the brewery try something else." END
BEGIN NOW "This beer poured a huge head that tried to overflow no matter how slowly I poured it.  Dark amber color.  The head lasted a while and left great lacing in the glass.  Sweet, malty, bread, fruity, but seems strong of esthers, which I didn't like.  Medium body with a champagne-like dry finish." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours with a dark brownish red body topped by a medium thick quickly disappearing head with a good amount of lace left on the glass. Slightly sweet and malty aroma with a strang musty fruitiness in the background. Slightly sweet malty flavor with a strong bitterness and a hoppy background. The finish is bitter and hoppy. Medium bodied and relatively smooth. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW Celebrate Oktoberfest year round with the rich, hearty taste of this traditional German-style lager. Three types of malt and two kinds of hops are combined to give Marzen its deep amber hue, smooth malty body and crisp, clean finish. Like all DeGroen's beers, Marzen is brewed with the finest, all natural ingredients and strict adherence to the Reinhetsgebot, the Bavarian Purity Law of 1516. END
BEGIN NOW "amber in colour with a little regular foam but no lacing; aroma of orange peel, the malt body is at best medium and shows unpleasant notes of sourness" END
BEGIN NOW "Pretty decent marzen, I had thought this company was out of business, but found the beer was being brewed by a company in Delaware now.  Quite sweet, but has that familiar octoberfest-like flavor.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Poured the usual amber orange color for a marzen with a small head that disappeared quickly and provided ZERO lacing. Aroma was malty and sweet. The flavor was definitely malty and sweet, somewhat enjoyable (no idea why others found it to be lacking flavor, cuz this one had plenty, perhaps because something changed now that it is brewed in DE?). Slight metallic and mildly bitter finish along with a squeeky tongue mouthfeel after swallowing. Decent beer, although nothing special." END
BEGIN NOW " I had this from the bottle and on tap from the brewery.  It is a little thin for a Vienna style beer.  It could use more flavor by adding more malt. " END
BEGIN NOW "Not much to the aroma on this one.  It pours a very appealing looking amber color with a touch of lacing on the top.  I am going to have to try this one again, though as it has a bit of a vinegary taste to it.....may be the bottle." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Orangey yellow in color, more orange hues than your average pilsner. Very generous initial head, great retention, solid lacing, a pretty nice looking product (although those pilsner steady stream of rising bubbles weren't there). The aroma was caramel (pilsner?), light tea bags, some honey. The flavor was all of that, again more caramel than I'd expect in a pilsner, strong bitter hop touch, although not overly grassy. This thing is hopped like an IPA, rather original in that regard, but not really my cup of tea (or tea bags). Mouthfeel was moderate for the style, carbonated, but not overly so."" END
BEGIN NOW "Orangey yellow in color, more orange hues than your average pilsner. Very generous initial head, great retention, solid lacing, a pretty nice looking product (although those pilsner steady stream of rising bubbles weren't there). The aroma was caramel (pilsner?), light tea bags, some honey. The flavor was all of that, again more caramel than I'd expect in a pilsner, strong bitter hop touch, although not overly grassy. This thing is hopped like an IPA, rather original in that regard, but not really my cup of tea (or tea bags). Mouthfeel was moderate for the style, carbonated, but not overly so." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I had this one from the bottle and fresh on tap at the brewery.  It is a lot better than the standard American hefe-weizen but not quite as good as a bavarian one." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Thank you Fran! Nice looking brew, dark honey brown good cap. Nice west coast hop aroma, some soap. Taste has a massive bitter.  I like this brew. Fruity body with a soapy bitter finish. Pine, leather, other stuff. Did i mention this is making me salivate. This is more like an IPA then a English ESB but even though it crosses styles I'm digging it. not sure hoe to score it........my marks might be a touch high." END
BEGIN NOW "along with anderson valley and goose island, one of the better ESBs out there.  pretty close to the traitional style, but with a little more fresh smelling hop complexity going on." END
BEGIN NOW "poured from a bottle to a clear copper in color.  the aroma was that of fermented fruit.  I enjoyed the flavor  that was a bit fruity with just a touch of noticeable hops.  a nice "juicy" brew here. " END
BEGIN NOW "Drank this one at the brewery in bend. Hard to believe it wasn't London. Well done with all the malt and hoppiness to be expected from this style. Awesome" END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle.  Poured a clear copper color with a thin white head.  Slight lacing.  Faint malty/hoppy aroma.  Flavor is a nice maltiness with a hint of fruit to the bitter finish.  A lot better than the aroma would lead you to think it would be." END
BEGIN NOW Towering high above Central Oregon, jetting into clear blue skies, Black Butte can be seen for miles.  From its base flows the legendary Metolius River--with its source hidden deep beneath ancient lava flows. END
BEGIN NOW "Poured with a black body topped by a fluffy tan head that held thought out leaving good lace and showing some burgundy highlights around the edges. Aroma is coffee and smoke. Mouthfeel is medium bodied and smooth. Flavor is bitter coffee with dark chocolate and sweet dark fruits. A great balanced porter with lots of availability." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Crisp, malty aroma has a decided overtone of fresh apple. It pours a lovely clear golden amber with a thick, fluffy white head. Malty flavor has a fruity and slightly sweet undertone and a bit of yeast, as well as a slight, edgy metallic tang that actually adds to the flavor. Texture is rather fizzy and well-rounded, leaving a pleasing finish. Recommended to all lovers of golden ales." END
BEGIN NOW "more like a hoppy golden...Deschutes already makes a pale and this ain't it.  That being said, I may like this beer better than Mirror P END
BEGIN NOW ond.  It's fresh, clean, and well balanced with a generous amount of cascade hops creating an enticing aroma." END
BEGIN NOW "A reasonable pour produces a three-finger thick, light tan colored head in my 25cl tulip glass.  The beer is a lightly hazed, copper color that shows a bright gold color when held up to the light.  The aroma is quite hop focused with a mixture of grapefruit, herbal pine and sweet citrus zest.  The aroma ends with a nice, crushed malt aroma of toasty grain, light biscuit and crushed saltine cracker notes.  It somehow almost smells dough-like at times. END
BEGIN NOW "Golden/orange colour, small white head. Vegetables and fruity hops in aroma. Flavour is hops, vegetables, some fruits and slight malts. Grassy, hoppy and salty aftertaste. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a nice amber color with just a little head that goes away quickly leaving almost no lace.  Smells floral and a bit malty but only the slightest hint of hops.  Taste is good. It's almost like a Mirror Pond without as much hops. It's a little bready, too.  Mouthfeel is much fuller than I was expecting. Drinkability scores high because it's light and refreshing plus has a relatively low alcohol content (4.5%). I could easily drink these all night long.  Yet another good offering from my favorite brewery." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer at "The Quarter" in Roanoke, Virginia.  This was a nice dark lager - I really enjoy the Schwarzbier style beer.  I wish there were more available." END
BEGIN NOW "First thing you notice is the incredible aroma that rises from your glass, which aroses the senses.  However, one drink brings you back to reality, while good the beer just can't seem to live up to expecations that arise from the initial aroma.  Pours thin with virtually no head to speak of.  fits well with several different cajun meals." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle claims this brew is a lager! Pours very dark for a lager, has a smooth body rather similar to some of the popular English ales with a rather sweet overbody. Expensive, not something to buy in bulk for your next tailgater. " END
BEGIN NOW "A mahogany colored beer with a big creamy, light beige head rising above.  Decent hang time on this one.  Settles eventually into a thick ringlet and peaks rising in short tips along the sides.  All that follows in nose and tasting could be bolder and this one would be a major hit.  There is a nondescript sweetness and roastiness in the nose.  The tasting would be better if the body was so distracting in the near watery body.  The tasting is a blending of some citric hops and caramel.  " END
BEGIN NOW "not your average average beer, though that's what my score indicates.  instead of being average throughout, there's aspects i liked, and aspects that i didn't.  like-cool sweet malt aroma, creamy feel and flavor with a nice tasty finish of mostly roasted and sweet malt.  didn't like-alcohol being evident at 5%, little to no depth.  the look was the only thing average here, but overall, an average brew." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Wow, a bad beer. I hate reviewing beers this bad. Poured a motor oil thick dark copper to brown color with no head and no lacing. This beer was motor oily thick and just looked miserable. The aroma was all caramel malt. The flavor was super sweet and malty caramel and brown sugar. No hops, no nothing to accompany these two things. A pretty nasty production. A lager? Good golly." END
BEGIN NOW "Another old bottle chillin at Jax Liquor. This was on the discount shelf. Well anyhow a dark brown/red appearance. Some chocolate and plums in the aroma. A sweet dark malt flavor with some chocolate and dark fruit. A sour finish. It wasnt too bad. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Light red color, medium head. Nicely malty, slightly roasted with some malt sweetness. Sort of a lighter bodied beer. Lots of flavor. Mouthfeel is full. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is a little bitter and malty. " END
BEGIN NOW "well little below average on this one.  Pours deep red color almost no head.  Carmel malt taste and smell. Leaves a weird metalic aftertaste.  Thin mouthfeel." END
BEGIN NOW "Maybe I just don't get it, maybe I just believe the package and follow all instructions like a good boy.  But when I buy something with the word "crimson" I expect a blood-red thick substance to ooze slowyly out of the bottle.  When I drink something with the word "crimson" on the bottle, I want to have the experience of death's cold had around my throat, choking me while I attmept to get down that onle last drop of beer before succumbing to the unyielding pressure.  I want the liquid to lounge in the lowest recesses of my bowels, taunting me and forcing me to rush to the nearest location and attempt to dislodge the "crimson" creature attempting to take over my bodily functions.  The word "Crimson" evokes these images within my mind.  Of the aforementioned phenomena, Dixie's crimson voodoo ale did none. " END
BEGIN NOW On the label: "Slowly aged in Louisiana Cypress Wood barrels, brewed with crystal clear water, genuine barley malt, choice hops, select grains, and pure yeast." END
BEGIN NOW "Definite honey-like sweetness, though i can't say if there's really any honey.  otherwise a pretty non-descript lightly hopped (think hay) lager.  Not that bad, but definitely nothing special either.  refreshing enough on a hot day." END
BEGIN NOW "Poures a very golden color with a very large white head that dissipated rather quickly, and appears to have heavy carbonation. The aroma was of honey and grassy notes.  The taste was extremely sweet with a hint of honey. The mouthfeel was thin and fizzy." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours like your typical adjunct lager. Nose is loaded with adjuncts. The head didn't stick around for long, and it left minimal lacing on the sides of the glass. Very little malt present." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours golden-yellow with thick and dimpled white-head and copious lace. A rough aroma of sour malts, hops, lemon and spices. The mouthfeel is thin and breaks too fast. Flavors of sour malts, hops, lemon, some funk, and mildly spicy. Not too good, I like the bottle though." END
BEGIN NOW "Dixie pours a clear golden body, with plenty of carbonation, thin fizzy head with some lace. aroma of honey, and some grassy notes. Flavor isnt good, mostly metallic presence, and some odd bitterness. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "It was beer. Very light in all respects I found it quite lacking. It would not hold up on its own merits nor would it pair well would food. If you are looking for a beer to sluce down food with this would fill the bill." END
BEGIN NOW "This is about the only thing worse than the original Dixie beer.  For me it was one of those "oh well, might as well try it" things.  I regret that I did, except that now I have an informed opinion." END
BEGIN NOW "hmm, well this wasnt good. probably golden, but i never bothered to look, probably smelled like ass but i forget. Tasted much like skunky flavered nothing. nough said." END
BEGIN NOW "  Not the greatest, that's for sure.  The aroma was quite stale and the taste was kind of watery and lacking of much flavor." END
BEGIN NOW "A cut below the regular." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "What the fuck is with all of the chocolate flavor. It does smell like cake frosting. Weird , due to the strong chocolate presence with the dehydrated piss color.  Too much flavor. I'd rather enjoy a choclate bar with a good beer." END
BEGIN NOW A dark beer made with a touch of roasted chicory, organic Mexican coffee, St. John's Wort, and licorice root. Brewed with whole-leaf Cascade and Fuggles hops, the grains include pale, wheat, roasted and oatmeal. We buy the coffee used in our Chicory Stout from the Oby Lee Coffee Roastery in Lewes. We are proud to let you know the Chicory Stout won 2 gold medals at Chicago's Real Ale Festival in 1998! END
BEGIN NOW "Zero nose detected, here we go again, whats up with this, two nights in a row 2nd beer had no nose. Ok minute later nose developing. Floral hops, pepper, hint of sweet malt, maybe a hint of chicory, prunes. Dark brown  almost opaque body, frothy short lived carmel colored head, moderate lace. Mouth is too thin, carbonation OK. Not a real special flavor profile going on here. MIght get better as it warms. Very little in the front end, follows with a bit of bitter chicory flavor, then chocolatey malt on the end with a slightly sweet finish. Like DFH a lot, not impressed with this." END
BEGIN NOW "Terrific stout! A dark brown pour with a medium sized tan head. Heavy lacing on the glass. Smell is coffee, chocolate and a bit of smokiness. Flavor of chocolate malt, some coffee. Very creamy taste, somewhat of a mexican coffee flavor. I'm really into this brew; give me more!" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours an opaque dark brown with a thin bubbly head...poof gone.Not a very strong aroma. Hint of coffee and roasted malt .Thin for a stout.Flavor of roasted malts and a little smoke.No lacing.Oh well." END
BEGIN NOW A cross between a Scotch Ale, an I.P.A., and an American Brown, this beer is well-hopped and malty at the same time. It is brewed with Aromatic barley and caramelized brown sugar. END
BEGIN NOW "This dogfish head brown ale is a dark color with a red tint. Tons of caramel and malt on the nose. Thin, foamy head. Excellent lacing. As I drank it and it warmed the caramel, malts and sweetness came out. There was still the hops too. A nice medium mouthfeel. Overall a solid beer, one of my favorite brown ales. " END
BEGIN NOW "Dark ruby with brown foam head. Aroma is strong caramel. Taste is caramelized sugar, little bitter, little yeast. Normal low bittersweet aftertaste. Went well with the German Bratwurst I ordered at The Ginger Man BAr (Houston 201208) " END
BEGIN NOW A deep, mahogany Belgian-style brown ale brewed with beet sugar, raisins, and Belgian-style yeast. END
BEGIN NOW "This is another one of those beers that hits the gag factor upon the first taste. It smooths right out and becomes enjoyable after that. Can't say it taste like raisins but reminds me more of maple syrup. This is something really different  but not exactly what I would think of as being Belgian style." END
BEGIN NOW "Probably my least favorite so far from DFH. It's good, but lackluster in some ways too.  There's a lot of sticky sweet going on, that may have something to do with it for me." END
BEGIN NOW "Pretty good beer with a nice dark pour and very little head. The smell is average and it is hard to really pick out anything, maybe some raisins/plums but not something that stands out. Taste is good but I would rather have other beers. Great to try once but not something I would readily get again. " END
BEGIN NOW "I watched the video of this beer on the DFH website before I even had a place to purchase it. I understood that the base beer was/is the indian brown ale, a beer I LOVE. I thought this was going to be a superior version of that and unfortunately it wasn't. This is more or less a belgian dubbel, banana, clove, yeast, raisins, plums figs, malts and malts. The standard brown and candi sugars show up. Its really quite good, but not the outstanding beer that I wanted it to be. Mouthfeel is thinner than I wanted. Will buy more Indian Brown Ale next time." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark brown with a nice offwhite head. Tons of lacing left on my glass. Aroma of malts and spices. Flavor is nice and smooth, sweet but not overly with great malt flavor. Good beer!" END
BEGIN NOW This is our original brew (we began it all making this very beer on the original teeny, tiny brewery at our Rehoboth Beach brewpub back in 1995) and our most approachable beer. Shelter Pale Ale is brewed with a premium barley and northwestern Willamette & Columbus hops. The beer has a fine malt backbone and a slightly nutty flavor. Shelter Pale Ale is a versatile, quaffable beer. END
BEGIN NOW "Well, I dunno what to say, I must be having a bad day.  Pours orange copper, low low low lilty ring head but decent lacing,  aroma is hoppy.  Mouthfeel is tingy dirty instead of a nice bite, flavor is leaving me wanting for..flavor.  It's "OK", but dang, what's going on?" END
BEGIN NOW "A very nice, very drinkable and well-balanced pale ale.  Pours an amber/copper with a medium white head.  Medium bodied with a well-balanced hop-to-malt ratio." END
BEGIN NOW "had on tap at Rehoboth beach...a very well balanced, aromatic pale ale.  easy drinking, but still somewhat complex for the style.  not a west coast, but has a nice hop profile atop a malty sweet backbone.  good stuff." END
BEGIN NOW "Thanks again to Mdsmith for this one.  Given Dogfish Head's reputation for IPAs I was surprised to find that this "Shelter Ale" tasted more like a true IPA than either the 90 or 60 minute IPA.  I thought this was a nice beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Yeastly, Bready and Malty. I thought I there was a hint of corrinader but I could be wrong. Very Mild pale ale with amazing nose that brings out the flavor well. All in All a very tame APA." END
BEGIN NOW One of the world's strongest dark beers. Dark, rich, roasty and complex, World Wide Stout has more in common with a fine port than a can of cheap, mass-marketed beer. Brewed with a ridiculous amount of barley. Have one with (or as!) dessert tonight! END
BEGIN NOW "Spendid flavour and aroma. But is it beer?. Very sweet and port like. Loads of dark fruit flavours. Cherries, plums and raisins prominent, vanilla and tobacco for support. Expected a heavier mouthfeel. Love the alcohol warmth at the back of the throat, especially when I look at the pile of snow out there. Defiantly a sipper. Not your typical impy stout." END
BEGIN NOW "Oh my God  this is black as beer can ever be ! The aroma is of a alcohol and more alcohol. The mouthfeel is like drinking cement. The tastes is of alcohol and heaven , how else can you describe a punch to the mouth ? " END
BEGIN NOW "Not sure what year this is but its at least 3 years old. Dark brown body some bubbles produced on pour but after one min not a single bubble remains. First sniff is epic .............. Big chocolate, noticable soya sauce, aroma is very sweet and some how has no trace of alcohol. Dam thats tasty shyt. Burnt coconut, soya sauce mild, no alcohol how? Chocolate not dark but not milk. I love the burnt flavor. Hitting hidden floral notes but its burt flowers. Cant shake the taste of camp fire burt marshmellows. Smoke but not smoke. Love the lingering aftertaste. Thanks for saving this for so long, I owe you Gully. " END
BEGIN NOW "After reading the reviews I decided to try this when I found it on the shelf. I was not as impressed due to the high alcohol content. I made it impossible to enjoy more than one at a time. The color and aromas were as expected from an imperial stout with the scent of the roasted malts and dark chocolate. it had similar flavors but had too much bite for my taste." END
BEGIN NOW "Got this at aloha liquor in Carson City, NV. And I suspect it had been there awhile. Win!  END
BEGIN NOW I decided to drink it because my cellar has been getting too warm lately. END
BEGIN NOW It's got head. Even after fifteen minutes, there is a lovely little crema.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW It's a touch warm, which brings some heat. And maybe I'm already drunk, but this feels denser than most beverages. It's pretty toasty, malty, face-numbingly good. END
BEGIN NOW A bit hot, fairly sweet. Sugar, coffee, candy, and tobacco. Long, lingering aftertaste. An obscure legend that I hope to meet again and again. My teeth are numb.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Aroma is all alcohol. Apearance is decent, but common. Mouthfeel is off the charts, but not all good. It's big and badass. Flavour is ... Densely packed. Delicious. Stinging. Overall I have to rate it high. And re-add it to the wishlist for a comparison. " END
BEGIN NOW Named after a precious for of quartz indigenous to only Morgan Hill, California, this classic dark ale is smooth and refreshing. Its dark color results from the use of caramel, higher kilned dark crystal and chocolate malt. The beer's flavor is malty and fruity with a subtle roastiness. To finish Poppy Jasper is generously hopped with Galena, Cascade and Liberty hops for a perfectly balanced wonderfully complex character. Winner of the 1995 California Beer Festival Gold Medal; 1996 Great American Beer Festival Silver Medal. END
BEGIN NOW Gold Medal winner at the 1994 Great American Beer Festival for Classic English Pale Ale. And then a Bronze in 2003 for English Styled Summer Ale. This Classic English Pale Ale is delightfully refreshing medium bodied golden ale. It is moderately hopped to give the beer a smooth taste and subtle spicy/floral aroma. END
BEGIN NOW "Light orange color. Small head. Aroma is fruity and sweet. A medium to full bodied pale ale. Malts are fruity and sweet. Touches of vanilla and toffee. Hops are spicy and a touch citrusy. Kind of more in the English style of Pale Ale. Perhaps a little thin tasting. Mouthfeel is full. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is slightly bitter." END
BEGIN NOW Tawny colored, this IPA is true to style. It is very generously hopped with Tomahawk, Centennial, Cascade, and Amarillo hops for and intensely hoppy aroma, flavor and bitterness with a balanced malty flavor. END
BEGIN NOW "Solid IPA from El Toro. A big hop bomb coming in at 6.5%. Firm dank nose with floral notes and grapefruit. Citrus doesn't last too long, quickly covered up by the rush of hop buds being washed down the pipes. This is a bitter-ass beer! I like it though." END
BEGIN NOW "Cloudy copper, with a white airy head that clings to the sides of the glass as it fades. In addition to big more-citric-less-piney-hops-than-stuff-like-Stone hops, a slight fruitiness is in the aroma. The big hops don't cover a nice toasty malt and mild fruitiness that makes this a bit more than a hop monster. If they took the India out of this, it'd still be a nice beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Medium gold color. Small head. Aroma is hoppy and woody. This is a not a BIG West Coast IPA, but its definitely a West Coast IPA. Very hoppy with a big citrus and grapefruit overtones. Nice malts as well. Full bodied. Well balanced. Nice IPA. Woody and juicy. Very tasty. Great creamy and smooth texture. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is dry. Aftertaste is bitter. " END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy orange-amber in color, this beer pours with a fairly thick, rocky off-white head and little effervescence. Nice brussels lace left in the glass. Aroma is sweet and hoppy, with some caramel and butterscotch in the malt notes, and just enough hops to make you aware they are there. Mouthfeel is crisp and smooth, yet a little creamy. Flavor is strongly sharp and bitter, much moreso than I originally expected from the aroma. Finishes plenty bitter and lingering. Definitely a cleansing, almost abrasive IPA, with hop bitterness to spare. Not bad for the style, just a little too hoppy and bitter for me nowadays." END
BEGIN NOW "A small head on an orange-brown colored beer.  Very good lacing.  Had a fresh, sharp hop aroma and flavor.  Light-medium body.  Hoppy aftertaste.  Another fine example of a west coast IPA." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Thin body, floral nose,very middle of the road beer. Got one mixed into a sixer of Double Barrel which is definately better." END
BEGIN NOW "Gold color, medium head. Medium malty, hoppy ale. Crisp malt flavor, good hop balance. Some subtle fruity overtones. Finish is clean, Aftertaste is delicately bitter. Very nice." END
BEGIN NOW Fish Tale Organic India Pale Ale END
BEGIN NOW "An easy drinking IPA that drinks far easier than it's ABV would indicate.  A nice golden beer with a white head.  Malt profile seems both bready and sweet.  A decent dose of hops appears in the flavour helping create a bitter finish." END
BEGIN NOW "A new edition brought over by my brother for Thanksgiving. Pours a bright copper color with a thick, foamy white head and copious carbonation. Faint aroma of pine and cut grass. Tastes of pine and some light citrus undertones. Organic beers tend to be really bland, but this one has a nice moderate hoppiness. One could drink a couple of these in a row without too much of a problem, which makes it quite desirable. I would like to find more from this brewery." END
BEGIN NOW "This one pours ith an oranhge amber color.  The head is moderate.  Tight bubbled froth with an orange tinge.  Citrus hops dominate in the aroma.  Well carbonated.  Light body.  Smooth.  There is a hint of malt behind the citrus hops in the taste.  This is a decent representation of the Indian Pale Ales.  " END
BEGIN NOW "another aerage IPA from Fish.  Not bad at all, but very average.  The "new hop" Pacific Gem is fairly indistinguishable, and the malt is too much of the flavor.  An underhopped IPA.  That said, it was enjoable enough, but not one I'd get again." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle courtesy of Piscator34: Poured an hazy deep amber color ale with a nice foamy head with some good retention but minimal lacing. Aroma of medium bitter hops with some subtle citrus notes. Taste is also dominated by some medium bitter hoppy notes with some subtle malt presence. Above average body with some medium carbonation. I thought this was OK overall but probably one the most disappointing beers in this organic series." END
BEGIN NOW This is a black, medium-bodied, yet robust brew with a rich chocolate flavor and dry finish. The predominate flavor characteristic, that of smooth, dark, bittersweet cocoa, lingers on the palate from first pint to last. END
BEGIN NOW "Black color, medium head. Deeply roasted malts, nicely hopped. Nice mellow roasted malt flavor, very smooth. Finish is smooth. Aftertaste is slightly bitter, toasted malts." END
BEGIN NOW "deep, sweet malty chocolate, dark black.  creamy rich chocolate with mellow hops, some brown sugar, I wish it was hoppier." END
BEGIN NOW With its assertive hop bitterness, delicious malt flavor and long, dry, hoppy finish, Leviathan Barleywine is a brew of mythic proportions. Dark amber, rich, and malty with a most very hearty alcohol strength, it is capable of soothing the savage beast in us all. END
BEGIN NOW "Last beer of the tasty day .. . pours a dark mud .. foam is decent .. . very tasty, molasses, caramel, cupcake, caramel, and burnt caramel with light plum .. . good stuff .. . calmer than you are.. . calmer than you are..." END
BEGIN NOW "the one i had was almost more of the english style...less on the hops...thick, big on malt.  the hops that were there were not of the west coast floral variety, but were quite bitter.  decent balance, good overall, but i've had better." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled (Batch 5). Amber colour, small white head. Aroma is sweet malts, some alcohol and fruits. Also quite strong wooden and licoriceish notes. Flavour is sweet malts, plum and raisins. Mild notes of vanilla and wood too. Wellbalanced. " END
BEGIN NOW "****re-review on the 2006 vintage - October 13, 2008*** END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle courtesy of CBA: Poured a clear deep copper color ale with a small foamy head with limited retention. Aroma of sweet malt is domination with some very subtle dry figs and fruits. Taste is dominated by sweet malt on the verge of being disgustingly sweet with again some light dry figs. Body is a lot more watery then I would expect with some low carbonation. Ending is quite bitter but does not attenuate some of the sweetness. " END
BEGIN NOW Named for the majestic creatures that embody the proud spirit of the West, Wild Salmon Organic Pale Ale is a light bodied and beautifully balanced pale ale. Its gentle malt sweetness is nicely matched by late additions of Organic Yakima Cascade hops. These Certified Organic hops come from a small farm in Yakima, Washington, which in 2002 released the first commercially available organic hops grown in the USA. With its delicious hop flavor, Pale Ale enthusiasts will love this beer as much as they love the beautiful region that has inspired it. Like all the Organic beers from Fish Tale Ales, Wild Salmon Organic Pale Ale is Certified Organic by the Washington State Department of Agriculture and the United States Department of Agriculture, in accordance with the new National Organic Program. On draught or by bottle, this treat from Fish Tale Ales is remarkably bright with a brilliant golden color and thick creamy head. Wild Salmon is sparkling and crisp with a refreshing hop finish. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light amber with a massive, bubly white head that takes its time.  Aroma is very hoppy, not typical of a pale but more like a heavy IPA.  Taste is a tad dry with a slight fruity flavor (think fruit snacks).  Aftertaste is nothing to write home about.  Overall a very average beer." END
BEGIN NOW "a little thick and overly malty for the style imho.  didn't really care for it.  seems to me like this brewer is hit or miss but the couple organics i remember off hand were a slight miss." END
BEGIN NOW "Light orange amber colored ale.  Small tight soapy white head.  No retention.  Settles quickly into a nice ring.   END
BEGIN NOW Hops jump out to the nose.  Floral and citrusy.  Body is thin, nearly watery.  The taste is hops and water.  Not a good representation of the American Pale Ale.  Good thing I only had one bottle." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle courtesy of Piscator 34: Poured a cloudy orangey/beige color ale with a big foamy head. Aroma of sweet malt with a nice floral hoppy touch. Taste is also quite sweet with some nice floral notes and a medium bitter finish. Body is quite full with limited filtration and good carbonation. I really liked how the hops provide a nice floral aspects without bringing too much bitterness to the beer. " END
BEGIN NOW "Golden colour, small white head. Aroma is fruity hops along with some slight caramel malty hints. Flavour is mainly fruity hops with some maltyness and paperyness." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "A nice little beer for a good price, but not really a standout in the dubbel style.  cloudy light brown, nice feel and fruity-malty-yeasty flavor and aroma, but nothing that wows." END
BEGIN NOW "First sample from Flying Dog.  A decent beer, but didn't seem quite like a full representation of a Abbey Dubbel.  More like a maibock or regular dobblebock....or something similar to a German beer.  Reminded me of Spaten's Optimator actually.  Not really feeling the Belgian yeast or fruitiness of an abbey.  Still, a good brew with nice caramel malt and hop balance.  Ok quality....for the price per 6-pack (about $7.49) and the strength (7.3%), I will probably get a 6 instead of single sample to get a better idea.  Curious to try some different styles now from this brewer, as they are starting to be distributed here." END
BEGIN NOW "A deep mahogany colored beer with a small frothy textured off white head rising ever so briefly above.  It settles quickly into a very thin soapy ringlet.  The nose is light cherries-dark fruit and burnt sugar.  The body is light to medium with a fair amount of carbonation.  The flavors are actually interesting.  A blend of sugar, alcohol and dark fruit." END
BEGIN NOW "Another day, another dubbel.  I found this to be a rather true to form dubbel.  A nice dark reddish brown beer witrh a light tan head.  Aromas of sweet dark malt, yeast, and plums.  The flavour was smooth, full, and rich and scrumptious." END
BEGIN NOW "i have never drank a belgian dubbel but if they are better then this it must be wonderful.this is a really nice beer good taste good color. i bought it from a variety case the others are ok but this one is so much better have to see if they have this as a whole case .plus i live in ny so i gotta travel for this one " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light brown color. Smell is malty, caramel. Taste is malts up front, some caramel ,hops kicking in at the finish, well balanced. Overall a good quality beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Found this to be something in between an ESB and an Amber.  Lacking the "bitter" in the ESB...so basically mild on the hops. Clean mouthfeel with fresh hop finish, but the balance is leaning towards the malts (mainly caramel).  Light to medium brown-orangish appearance.  Making my rounds of sampling Flying Fish....so I'd say this is about average.  So far, their Abbey Dubbel is the one that I return to.  May get this again, but wouldn't really miss it if I didn't." END
BEGIN NOW "a decent (slightly better than average) esb.  clean, well balanced with some citrus notes and a discernable hop bitterness atop a very slight malt fruitiness. a nice enough session ale." END
BEGIN NOW "A muddy amber colored beer.  A small frothy textured off white head rises briefly above.  Not much hang time on this one.  And no lacing.  A sweet caramel malt and subtle grassy hop nose on this one.  The tasting pretty much follows suit.  A light to light medium body with a tingling on the tongue and creamy feel.  Overall drinkable.   END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "This was a good beer.  Very smooth going down with a slight hoppiness in the aftertaste. I could definitely drink a couple more of these, but it isn't the best of the ESBs either. Definitely worth a shot." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is crisp with a fruity underpinning, a bit sweet, typical but still acceptable. It pours a typical clear amber with a white head that dissipates fairly quickly. Flavor is malty and crisp with a hint of pear and a bitter hoppy touch, not memorable but still enjoyable. Texture is fairly smooth and nicely fizzy. Overall, an average beer, but still worthy. This one is good for a party or with dinner." END
BEGIN NOW "More like a decent lager or summer ale versus an APA.  Overall, the beer is about average....for the style partialy below.  Cloudy dark yellow to light orange appearance.  Flavor lacking hops....sort of refreshing but forgetable.  Just started getting into Flying Fish because of the price, but this one is something I will pass on.  So far I like their Abbey Dubbel the best." END
BEGIN NOW "another average offering  -  nothing bad.  nothing stands out.  a little cereal malt, a little sweet, and a bit of floral and bittering hops, but not very aromatic." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Not a bad beer, pouring with an amber color and a decent initial head. Lacing was ok. The aroma was mostly of hops, light caramel. Flavor was of caramel and some bread-like notes with a definite but not overdone hop presence: citrus and some pine. The mouthfeel was full for the style. The more enjoyable of the three beers I had tonight." END
BEGIN NOW "Foggy Bottom Ale pours to a deep golden/amber color with a nice white head and a good carbonation. The nose on this beer is really fantastic. Really great, piney, citric, hop aromas flood the nose. This beer is dry hopped, making the hop aroma very fragrant. The palate is a lean malt backbone, really good biscuit malt flavors with a touch of caramel malt sweetness. The body on this beer is lean, and this beer is very smooth and drinkable. This beer finishes with a nice, snappy, bitter hop bite, that lingers, but then fades quickly.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Really a great American Pale Ale. Lots of good hop character in the nose, good pale malt flavors, and a short, but snappy hop bite. I often find myself drinking a few pints of this on draught when in Georgetown, Capitol Hill, or where else, Foggy Bottom. I also like buying bottles of the whole line of Foggy Bottom beers for home consumption. I would match this beer with a nice juicy hamburger, and some fries doused with malt vinegar. Great all around beer, seek this one out if in the DC Metro Area. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "amber colour with a little foam and a cdecent lacing; fruity (lemon, orange) aroma, quite full bodied, sweet with a  slightly bitter, malty flavor - good" END
BEGIN NOW "Label says, "A Washington, DC tradition since 1873."  Named after the foggy lowlands reclaimed from the Potomac in the city's southwest quarter.  We call this a DC beer, even though the Heurich (say "Hi, Rick") Brewing Company has relocated to NY.  12 oz brown glass bottle.  Pours a clear amber with ample foam and lacing.  Balanced aroma and taste.  Not on the top of my list but a nice, enjoyable, easily-quaffed session ale.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Had a bottle of this at the "Foggy Bottom Brew Pub" in the main concourse of Norfolk International Airport (it's not a real brewpub, since nothing gets brewed here, but they don't really offer anything but Foggy Bottom beers). END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Poured an amber to copper color with a decent initial head that laced ok. The aroma was of caramel. The flavor was caramel with some hops (somewhat like an amber ale), and as it warmed a dry spicey-hops (not typical marzen spicing, more peppery) type finish. Dry mouthfeel was the signature of this one and it didn't remind me much of a marzen style beer, like the label says." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I knew this was either an alt or something similar. Fairly malty and caramely, semi sweet. Nice tastes initially. But sort of flat and lacking body. Overall pretty dissapointing." END
BEGIN NOW "Fordham Copperhead Ale from the East Coast pours out a light clear copper color, has a bit hint of metallic apples flavor with a slight biscuit. Smooth and tasty." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a really nice coppery color with a medium body, nice maltiness and very little hoppiness.  Slight, faint head, but really nice lacing.  Flavor is the paramount component of this respectable brew." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours out of the bottle a nice coppery-amber with a fairly thick light tan head. Aroma is rather weak and barely noticeable. Flavor, fortunately, is better - not great, but pleasingly malty and yeasty with a nice tang to it. Texture is smooth, tingly, and just a teensy watery. Though it leaves something to be desired, it is worth a try." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a golden color with small-bubbled carbonation but only a small, soon-to-be-gone head. A mildly sweet malty aroma. Fills the mouth nicely with a mild bodied maltiness with subtle hopping. Clean finish." END
BEGIN NOW "Light colored pour with a little head.  Aroma was just standard lagerish.  The flavor was light and crisp, with a very faint hop presence.  Flavor was malty with something just a tad off, like cardboard." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a light copper with large white head. The aroma had no stand out scents I had a simple clean fresh aroma. The mouthfeel was quite smooth which made the beer quite drinkable. A decent solid beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Right down the line this is a pretty average and drinkable brew.  There was a very slight skunky aroma when the bottle was first opened but that disappeared rather quickly.  It poured a very light golden color with some thin lacing around the edges of the glass.  The taste was smooth and easy enough. While it is nothing really special, I found it enjoyable and worth a try." END
BEGIN NOW "Medium gold color. Medium head. Aroma is malty and grainy. A medium bodied lager. Malts are fruity and sweet. Hops are mild and slightly spicy. A mild slightly sweet helles. Light and refreshing. Clean and crisp with no flavor defects. Nice beer. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is slightly bitter." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Really disappointed in this ale compared to the other kinds of Full Sail I've tried. Aroma is of malt but the malt taste is very weak. The mouth feel is very thin but at least it's not bitter." END
BEGIN NOW "Had this at the brewery in Hood River last weekend. This one is surprising rich and dark for an amber with good lacing and foam. Has a nice toffee malt aroma that is better than most ambers. Soft light medium body with a drying finish of clean hops. Simple but well done one of the better core beers I've had of theirs so far and I'm not a big amber fan. " END
BEGIN NOW "Surprises never end -- for a grocery store beer this one was pretty good.  Nice appearance on the pour, pretty good aroma, and a nice dose of hops, but not too much.  Will be an excellent alternative next time the thirsty-ies come a calling!   " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a deep reddish-brown - mahagony, perhaps - with a slight, faint head that dissapates quickly, but produces decent lacing.  A very pleasant amber that is well-balanced... not too sweet or sticky with a nice complement of hops." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours clear gold with a white head. The aroma has fruity / grapefruit hops and rich caramel malt. It has a medium crisp body with a modest amount of carbonation. The flavor starts with dry crackery malt, earthiness / wood, pine and a hint of lime. The finish has sulfur and minerals. Decent IPA." END
BEGIN NOW "Very floral nose, very English Pale Ale nose; nice malts some vanilla slight pepper. Nice pale copper body toped by decent head with moderate lace. Slightly thin mouth. Flavor is like a very good IPA that has been ever so slightly watered down; bitter is a bit weak, malts are Ok, not a whole lot happening but nothing bad either. Sessionable and perhaps a good beer to intro a macroswiller to IPA land." END
BEGIN NOW "Not sure what fun guy found wrong this but I thought it was a pretty decent session IPA. Classic in every way. Dull orange, creamy white head. Bitter flavors, nice citrus notes. Piney nose and floral." END
BEGIN NOW "this was one of the worst IPAs I ever had and this surprised me because it was rated as one oregons best breweries. My brother loves their pale ale and yet when I had their ipa after I had had one I donated the rest to charity, I am serious. And what shocked me was that the ipa, the pale ale and a couple others that I tried had nearly the exact same flavor and that flavor reminded me of beechwood aged budweiser. In fact my stomach was turning in the same way it did with bud. ugghhh. Will never touch that stuff again." END
BEGIN NOW "Had this at the brewery in Hood River last weekend. Amber gold color with good lacing. Aroma of citrus hops is all you get. This seems to be a pretty simple and standard IPA but it's all quality. Light medium body with a very bitter finish. Nothing to make it stand out from the others." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Another pretty weak brew on tap at Full Sail. Pours a watery black colour with a finger sized head. Glass was ice cold as was the beer. Nose is faint roasted malt. Taste is slightly metallicy, mild chocolate flavors with a hint of smoke." END
BEGIN NOW "This is a tougher pint than Guinness could ever hope to be. Powerful flavors and aromas and the rich creamy head you love and hope for. Drank this one fresh at the brewery." END
BEGIN NOW "Very dark brown color, medium head, roasted malt aroma. Roasted malts, fairly hoppy. Nice smooth taste, Roasted malts, somewhat sweet. Full round mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish, Robust yet smooth. Finish is smooth. Aftertaste is chocolaty, slightly bitter." END
BEGIN NOW "dark colour, nice lace, toasted, chocolate, bitter aftertaste" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Acquired via trade with Chopz. Pours an average size frothy brownish head and has a fairly dark brown appearance. Lacing is ok. Aromas of sweet, toffee and nutty malts. Also some light chocolate. Flavours are mainly roasted malts, coffee, some notes of chocolate and toffee but fairly subtle. Has somewhat of a watery mouthfeel. Light bodied and ok retention." END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased a mix pack on my trip to Maine. Pours a real dark brown colour with a beige foamy head and good lacing. Aromas of roasted malts with hints of nuts and coffee. Taste of yeast candy, mild roasted malts and good grassy hops. Mouthfeel is slightly dry, but overall a refreshing porter. " END
BEGIN NOW "Was expecting this to be better than it was, based on my other samples from Gearys.  Not one of the better porters out there.  Appearance is good....dark black, semi-thick, and creamy texture.  Has a weird flavor at the start, but finishes with some decent roasted chocolate malt.  Can't really see myself buying this again, with so many other directions to go." END
BEGIN NOW "A beer of the month club entry for Oct-Nov 2010.  Pours a dark coco brown, fairly impressive toasty flavor, but a few harsh notes that come through at the end of a sip.  Not a fast slurp down, but works well to sip slowly and ponder life with." END
BEGIN NOW "Sweet nose, choclate, prunes, brown sugar, a touch of hoppy pine. Frothy carmel colored head sits on top of opaque black body (with hints of ruby at the edges)and leaves moderate lace. Motuhfeel is medium bodied and a bit slick and maybe just a bit too fizzy. There is a lot of flavor in ths porter pretty solid malt backbone (i am guessing both toasted and crystal)starts bitter but hits chocolate and coffee pretty fast then goes almost baked grapefruit with cimamon and brown sugar, finishes much dryer than expected. A touch of alcohol in the aftertaste. NIcely down, although its the first porter I have drunk in perhaps 10 years, used to drink em up in Canada summers at a camp, but thats another story, remeber them being less hoppy than this. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW Our flagship pale is a classic British pale ale with a nod to the legendary beers of Burton-on-Trent. Copper-colored, dry, clean and crispt with lots of late hope taste in an appetizing complex with ale fruitiness from imported Hampshire yeast. Ingredients: Two row English malt (pale, crystal and chocolate); Cascade, Mt Hood, Tettnang and Fuggle Hops. Availability: year round END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased in their mixed pack on a trip to Maine. Pours a clean deep amber colour with a frothy warm cap, decent retention and nice lacing. Mild cereal grain malts with what seems adjuncts. Grainy taste with a little hops. OK, but not the best pale ale." END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer at a farmhouse style resturant in Brooklyn, NY (right by the new Nets arena).  This beer was ok - a decent pale ale.  It was pretty run of the mill, pine, not citrus.  I'd have it again." END
BEGIN NOW "UPDATE ON 7/14/11- Been a year since I tried this.  Downgraded a few points (two on flavor and one on appearance).......New England Run Sample #4:- This is the sort of EPA that I enjoy.  Has a special yeasty taste that's hard to describe....but I find it in some foreign stouts and porters (like Flag for instance).  Has a gold-copper appearance with a semi-smooth mouthfeel.  Well balanced with slight caramel malt and mild hop and that "hard to describe" yeasty/wheaty taste.  I can't wait to get this again (or something similar) with some Chowda or Fish n' Chips." END
BEGIN NOW "Picked one of these up when I was in Boothbay Harbot, Maine.  A decent beer but the flavor seemed lacking.  Just seems like an average brew to me, probably wouldn't have one again." END
BEGIN NOW "I always pick up a six or two when I visit the in-laws in Maine, this is the first time I took some home to review. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Ton of malt and yeast in the nose when first poured, when that blows off it reveals a nose of floral hops, some citrus, some spice, a sweet very nice nose. A bit of a surprise with the light brown body, very clear and nice carbonation bubbling up the glass. I moderate slightly creamy off-white head that is fairly short lived but leaves a nice thick skim coat. Very nice lacing. A very full, for a pale ale, mouthfeel that is silky and creamy, really nicely done! There is a lot of sweetish malt in the taste but its very well balanced with an astringent hoppiness. There is also a fruity presence in the middle of the taste and the alcohol is also present, leaving a nice warming feeling. This may be the best pale I have encountered.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW This one is walking the line between an American Pale and an English ESB. Back when I was a kid, in 73, I spent a month in London. Ate exclusively at the pubs and drank a whole lot of "bitter". Didn't know what that really meant then, this was long before American craft brewing caught fire. It was exclusively on draught and I have no idea what brewers it was coming from, I have always wished I could taste it again now. I think this beer comes close, perhaps a bit maltier. It also took me a while to get into the swing of the beer being served less than cold. I'm gonna let the last of this Geary's warm a bit for a final tasting. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Hmmm, it likes to be a bit on the warm side, the flavor really blossoms and gets more complex. The imported English yeast and malts (I am tasting a hint of the chocolate malt now)is shining through and, in my opinion, putting most American pales to shame! Great brew and great session brew!" END
BEGIN NOW Killian's Irish Red derives its distinctive red-amber color and taste from a special caramel malt that has been roasted at a high temperature longer and more slowly than most malts. There are no coloring agents or artificial additives used in brewing Killian's. The brew is known for its rich amber color and thick, creamy head. END
BEGIN NOW "Nice reddish amber color to the beer with a light tan head that is usually full. Aroma isn't a standout . Not very rich in mouthfeel and the body is a bit light. Flavor is sweet and malty with just a hint of fruitiness you might expect from a red ale " END
BEGIN NOW "Enjoyed at David's place in Vegas. Pours a deep amber colour with bubbly yellow cap, good retention and creamy-foamy lace. Malty nose with caramel and roasted malts. Hints of coffee too. Burnt malt taste that lingers, all mildly of course. Not a bad red with decent roasted malts, just a little too light overall." END
BEGIN NOW "Can't believe i never spotted this beer on this site. A decent red beer , very economically priced.Kind of light on color, and flavor is decent, I pick this up when i want a very smooth-easy drinking beer. Better than most of the selections in the stores." END
BEGIN NOW "Early 2011 bottle. Must of been a summer bbq leftover. Where is the damn born on date? END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Rounded pint glass. Clear, copper/amber body. Tall, soapy, cream-colored head. Smells of biscuits, weedy grass, & a dab of margarine. Taste is buttery/scratchy bread, plain cheerios, & hay. Slick & greasy, but well carbonated. No cardboard notes. Almost as good when fresh. God bless pasteurization! " END
BEGIN NOW "Poured an amber hue, with a small white head which disappeared almost instantly. The aroma, there isn't much to it, It's not repulsive, but not much of any aroma really. Slight metallic odor (only slight). The taste is toasted malts, caramel, nutty, a little hint of honey, slight hop bitterness towards the finish.  The mouthfeel is medium to high carbonation and light bodied, crisp and clean.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Light gold color. Small to no head. Aroma is malty with a slight touch of butterscotch. Not your typical tasting lager. Malty with a nice crisp finish. Kind of sweet. Mouthfeel is full. Finish is clean and dry. Aftertaste is sweet." END
BEGIN NOW This is one of our rare lagers brewed in the style of the German Heiliges Geist Bock, or Holy Ghost Bock. The name refers to the lighter nature of the beer as opposed to the darker and heavier Doppel Bock and Mai Bock also brewed during the spring in Germany. There is a rich malt flavor, a firm German style lager head, and a clean lagered finish to this beer. END
BEGIN NOW "Ok its getting better.... its honey colored with a thin head. A Wet feel before it even hit my lips. Slick, filling mouthfeel. Very crisp, still the hops are in good harmony, adding a peppery bitterness in the aftertaste, this is crucial here..... Medium bodied. Aroma is pale, a little hayish funkiness. Taste is lightly sweet, honey, bitter orange, amber waves of grain.... You know just what it says on the bottle "essence of a golden barley field on a fall afternoon". Never been quite there myself, but if i close my eyes and take a sip........." END
BEGIN NOW "This is a unique beer to me. The color is a burnt-orange/copper and very cloudy, making it look mysterious. Both the smell and the taste have strong apple characteristics almost like a cider but with hints of hops. The carbonation is moderate. It leaves a pleasant aftertaste. I was expecting more of a bock taste from the name/type (Geist Bock?) but it's not much like a bock at all, IMO.  Overall, a good beer and a nice change. While I dislike flavored beers, the hints of apple are actually suprisingly good." END
BEGIN NOW "Medium gold color. A medium to full-bodied lager style beer. Malty and somewhat hoppy. Good flavor, slightly sweet malts. Very smooth taste. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is malty." END
BEGIN NOW ""A true lager" according to the label. Well the aroma on this is quite exquisite if you are a fan of nicelly done malts..nice stuff. The beer also has good looks, chesnut brown with a small off white head..nice lacing. again i liked the taste of the malts very full and not to sweet..creamy at the front of the tongue than it gets dry at the end..I like this..aids consumption!! Overall a nice lager beer indeed ..not sure if its a real bock..it tastedike some Kellerbiers I have had..but worth a try.Tasty session type brew.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW This Celtic Ale has been the flagship beer for GoldenValley Brewery since 1993. The Hops added to the kettle are Chinook, Liberty, Willamette, and Tettnanger with Fuggles used in the steep for aromatics. The use of imported Crystal, Carastan, Roast, and Chocolate malts as well as domestic Two-Row malt creates a complex and bold profile which balances and enhances the aggressive hopping. END
BEGIN NOW "I'm not a big amber fan anyway, but this bites. It has no redeeming qualities, IMO.  Pours a mahogany color with little head even after a vigorous pour and no lacing.  Smell is faint, but it's malty.  Taste is malty with a hint of hops. It's balanced so maybe I should score it a *Iittle* higher, but it's not even average. There's very little character here and it certainly isn't complex at all.  Mouthfeel is on the watery side. There's a bit of mineral feel to it but the lack of carbonation keeps that score low as well. Drinkability? Gee, guess." END
BEGIN NOW "Deep Red color, small head. A light bodied red ale. Lightly caramelized malts. Mild yet spicy hops. Good flavor. Smooth taste. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is malty with a very slight bitterness" END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is pretty subdued ..but what there is ,is fresh and mostly malty. Nice looking beer dark brown with a large light tan head..great lacing.. The flavour is pretty simple..slightly roasted malts and a mellow hop aftertaste. I actually liked that this beer was low carbonated..helkped in drinkability for me.. Reminded me rather of a simple Scottish ale.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW Fred was created to honor beer writer and historian Fred Eckhardt. Fred is a big inspiration for me and many other brewers. Fred's work in all-grain brewing and beer styles helped me become a better brewer. Fred the beer is a deep golden color. It is made with aromatic and rye malts and includes 10 different hop varieties in an effort to incorporate the whole world into this beer. It has 10% alcohol by volume and 65 IBUs. We hope that Fred will inspire you to share your knowledge with others as Fred has with us. END
BEGIN NOW "On tap @ Hair of the Dog. Deep golden pour, light tan head, some lacing. Lots of malts and hops going on in the nose and palette. Earthy, sweet then hoppy and rich, big mouthfeel, nicely bitter and malty all at once.  Big barleywine and quite flavorful." END
BEGIN NOW "Damn that's a big ol beer, thanks Pfoxyjohn! Huge caramel and alcohol nose and a really impressive looking beer, clear, orange and red, head that sticks around for the whole time.  Taste is just outstanding in the barleywine catogory, sweet and bitter and perfectly balanced, HOTD does not make any half-assed beers." END
BEGIN NOW ""wow, that is one of the best beers in Canada!"  END
BEGIN NOW "It's from the States." END
BEGIN NOW "Oh. Pretty good."  END
BEGIN NOW Maybe I should begin by saying I didn't know what I was getting myself into. I read that it was hoppy, and brewed with Belgian yeast, and then I poured it into a glass. I suppose I also knew it was Adam's lesser brother. But it's more like Adam's hot sister, this is a gorgeous brew!  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Ridiculous head, and really thick and creamy. I didn't yet know it was a barleywine, but the head is akin to a nitro stout (in a barleywine!?). Great aromatic hoppiness, "characteristic Oregon smoothness", and a really lovely floral nose that I found just whelming enough. Pleasantly surprised. " END
BEGIN NOW "Didn't really know what I was opening here. When the bottle said golden ale I was thinking... didn't know really. But big barleywineish thing, not what I expected at all. Much more floral than any B-Wine I have had before, fragrant flowery orangy hops all over the place! Seems more like a thin bodied impy IPA! Cascades are obvious and enjoyed. Has that characteristic oregon smooth ness, but its cloudy and has a couple rough edges. Head retention and lacing are impressive: halfway through there is a sheet of bubbles a full 4 fingers up the far side of the glass. That should be a name for a nitro stout: the far side of the glass... really nice beer, so much fruit, not too malty, I don't find it hot at all. Purcahsed at beermongers portland. price is right for sure" END
BEGIN NOW "A BIG thanks to Slowrunner 77 for this gem - one of many boxed up and sent to my home.  I can't thank you enough!  This beer was REALLY BIG.  It was also quite hot - more booze than hop or malt.  I really liked it but I think this one could've sat for a while to mellow out.  The body was big and the aroma was hop and ethanol.  In any event, this is a brewery I do not have access to and I was thrilled to give this beer a try!  Many thanks again." END
BEGIN NOW "Rose is named in honor of Portland, Oregon, which is known as the "Rose City." In this beer, hibiscus flowers, beets, and pink peppercorns are used to give the ale a reddish hue and spicy character." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I've had this several times, from both off the tap at the brewpub in the northern Seattle, and whenever I brought back a bottle or two to San Diego. Each everytime, I've enjoyed this decidedly PacNW ESB. END
BEGIN NOW "Medium brown color, medium head. Highly hopped. Medium malts. Nice hop flavor, good ale taste. Lots of flavor. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is slightly bitter, nicely malty." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This beer tasted like poop. Cloudy orange with a decent sized froth head. Taste is terribly metallicy. To the point of being offensive. Aroma has some soft floral and grapefruit like notes. But can't get over the taste. Stale and watery." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured froma a bottle with a nice head and really nice fruity aroma.  Not sure what happened in the flavor department here.  Has a harsh hops aftertaste that is not smooth at all. Nice malt start but the type of bitterness was way to unpleasant for me." END
BEGIN NOW "For a pale ale, this was rather weak BUT still not bad.  I was expecting some hoppyness in the nose, but it fell a bit short.  Apperance was a nice light amber color.  Decent palate with malty, caramel notes, a bit sweet and light in the hop department.  Surely a drinkable beer, but since there are SO many better Pale Ale's available, I doubt this will get a second notice unless it's really inexpensive." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle.  Pours a clear, amber color with a medium white head.  Good lacing.  Pleasant hoppy aroma, maybe centennial hops.  Nice mouthfeel.  Flavor well-balanced with hops, malt, and a citrusy kick to it.  Pretty good pale ale." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear orange with a slightly off-white head. Aroma is strong and hoppy. Flavor is well balanced, but leans a little towards the malt side. Overall a pretty good beer, that I would drink more if available in this area." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Cloudy and amber colored with a huge longlasting head. Aroma of toffee, some fruits and pepper. Taste is smooth and creamy. Burnt sugar, toffee, alcohol with some bitterness. Aftertaste is sweet with some citrus and warming alcohol. A really nice brew." END
BEGIN NOW "An excellent belgian tripel. Great pour resulting in a thick white head.  Nice spices give it a great flavor and it feels great going down.  Not too sweet and strong alcohol." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a hazy orange color with a large, off white head that left nice lacing on the glass. Aroma of floral hops, caramel, citrus, spices, and alcohol. Taste of yeast, citrus, banana, spices, light alcohol in the finish." END
BEGIN NOW "Amber pour with big thick egg shell colored head. Aroma of light pine, citrus and spice. Initial hoppy bite and full alcohol taste. Malty throughout." END
BEGIN NOW "A deep orange color with a moderate white head. The aroma is citrus, molasses, and alcohol. The flavor is slightly spicy with a funky sour citrus flavor and a bit of rotten apples and honey mixed in. This has some lambic like qualities and doesnt seem to be like any Tripel Ive had before. The aftertaste is dusty and interesting. A nice beer anywho." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Damn,I wish had a bottle like Bov had,perhaps his was aged longer. What I got was a coppery colored brew with a moderate head. Only aroma was a faint sweetness,possibly candy apples. Nothing special or really noticable in the tasting except as it warmed it got a bit drier. For over 600 years of brewing,you'd think they'd do better than mediocre." END
BEGIN NOW "dark ruby colour, fine head, fruity (apple, apricot) aroma, creamy and (almost too) sweet, very yeasty, long spicy finish" END
BEGIN NOW An Abbey beer, burgundy in color, very full bitter-sweet flavor with hints of caramel. Several malts and double fermentation. END
BEGIN NOW "6-pack from the LCBO. Pours a real dark amber colour, going on the copper side. Big beige head that has good stay and full lacing. Aromas of caramel malts, bad grassy hops which gives out metallic notes and decent helpful spices. The taste is completely not was expected for a dubbed. Very sweet with not much at all. Reminds me of those sweet non-alcohol brews with bread malts, honey and club soda. Then I read the ingredients. Glucose syrup and aromatic caramel. Nope, not for me. Looks good, smell alright but taste right down nasty. An insult to use the word Abbaye with this one." END
BEGIN NOW "Much prefer this on draught. Pours a reddish/brown .Head has very little retention or lacing. Sweet breaded malt and light fruity aroma. Flavour is like the aroma but a little sweeter.with spices and a hint of banana. Well carbonated. Wish it had a fuller body." END
BEGIN NOW "On tap at the Town Crier, Toronto. Pours a huge frothy brownish head and leaves a fairly thin coat. Has a dark coppery appearance. Huge thick lacing. Aromas of dark roasted malts and wheats. Flavours are quite eclectic. Some raisins, roasted malts, barley and some yeast is noticeable. Some nice sweetness, not bitter whatsoever. Alcohol is probably just faintly apparent, not offensive in the least. Good smooth and light creamy mouthfeel. The bitterness actually makes an appearance in the finish. Really good." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a crystal clear dark amber with a one finger head that goes away very fast.  Decent amount of carbonation in the glass.  Aroma hints of citrus along with slight spices.  taste hits with a slight metallic hint along with the typical breadiness that the Belgian styles share. Finishes off creamy and a tad dry.  Nice beer this one is." END
BEGIN NOW "This poured a dark amber to brown color. The aroma was malty with some chocolate, nutmeg and a hint of dark fruit. The flavor contains quite a bit of chocolate with some toffee and caramel also. The finish is somewhat sweet also. Overall this is a nice beer, love me some dubbels! " END
BEGIN NOW Amber-coloured abbey beer, with a crisp, very full bitter-sweet flavour and a lingering aftertaste. The typically crisp Tripel flavour is caused by the blonde candy sugar and the subtle mixture of mild and bitter hops. The rich flavours obtain their perfect harmony owing to the continued fermentation after bottling. END
BEGIN NOW "Little hazy golden blond with huge foam head, sticking to lip and lacing to glass. Nice hoppy aroma with alcohol present. Taste is good triple, bitter with some little sweet, alcohol is there. Nice long bittersweet aftertaste. (VLieland 201209)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled in 2007, tried in 2008 END
BEGIN NOW "Clear golden with a with a low but lasting creamy white foam. Sweet aroma of English marmalade, over-riped banana and peaches. Medium to full-bodied with a clean and sweet flavour of bananas, peaches and sugar. Low bitterness in the finish which is almost cloyingly sweet. " END
BEGIN NOW "Grimbergen tripel is a clear golden beer with a large fizzling foam collar. It has a distinct fruity banana aroma. It feels very acidic, followed by a sweet sugarish taste combined with a strong sense of alcohol. The aftertaste is sweet/sour and occidant." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Golden colour, creamy white mediumsized head. Aroma is acidic fruit and yeast with some caramellish and glueish hints. Flavour is glue, malts, acidic fruit and some yeast. Also alcohol is present. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Yeah, I'd say this is slightly better than the original premium lager, but not much.  Sort of like the difference between Heineken and Heineken Dark.  If you prefer medium dark ambers over typical lagers, then you'll probably prefer this as well.  Has more of a caramel, sweet malty taste...not as skunky as the original.  An average overall beer, nothing more." END
BEGIN NOW "Far superior in aroma and taste to the original.  Not as skunky, but still a hint.  Likewise, the stopper cap bottles are nice, but the beer in that bottle is still a novelty to me.  Not something I'd drink routinely." END
BEGIN NOW "The best of all Grolsch beers brewed. You can drink a lot and not get tired of drinking it. The overall taste is very smooth and consistent. I had a barbeque yesterday, had a six pack and can't even tell I was drinking." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "best served from the swing cap and not screw cap bottle and served cold in a tall pilsener glass. the head is about 2 inches with good carbonation after it breathes away. taste is very good if you enjoy a bitterness at end" END
BEGIN NOW "I was told I didn't know what a good beer was because I had never drank this. So my buddy told me it was his treat to buy. Only thing I found interesting about this beer was the bottle cap. However even that I've seen before oh and he was wrong I do know what a good beer taste like. It's just not Glolsch !" END
BEGIN NOW "there wasn't much head when poured in to the glassand it left rapidly there was not much aroma then anticipated.overall its almost like drinking a hieni." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured an average size head which leaves quickly enough. Lots of carbonation, ok lacing. Very light golden appearance. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of wheats, grains and light hops. Lightly malted flavours, not much hops present in taste. Light watery mouthfeel. Minimal aftertaste. Not bad." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours pale yellow with a small filmy head. The aroma is grain with a  touch of hops.   The taste is of grain and hops with warm malt, grain, a touch of dank hops, and that sugar cookie dough aftertaste.  The mouthfeel is nice and creamy." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "As good as promised, as long as it is on tap.  Bottles - mehhh.  Creamy head, coffee and malt aroma, slippery mouth, satisfying flavour.  Yes, I'd like another, please." END
BEGIN NOW "Had many times before, finally rating. Had it on tap at James St. Pub in Ottawa. Always comes with a generous amount of thick creamy head. Very dark black appearance. Flavours are of burnt roasted malts, dark coffee grinds. Hints of caramel and vanilla in the aroma. Even once a bit lukewarm, still quite tasty, just as good as chilled. Much better on tap  than in a tallboy. " END
BEGIN NOW "stouts are not my favorite style.  This one pours very very dark, with a nice tanish head with very little carbonation. Aroma is sweet coffee and rich malts with slight bitter hopiness. Taste is creamy rich coffee malted with a hops afterwards. This beer always fills me up." END
BEGIN NOW "smooth, but still thinner than i'd like.  it's already been said "and they all have a dry, tea-like taste" END
BEGIN NOW exactly!  not bad, but way overrated.  i just don't get it.  i'll drink one but hundreds of stouts are better.  maybe the foreign extra will convince me..." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours very dark, creamy slightly tan head long lasting lacing on the glass.  Mouthfeel is lass chewy than Guinness Draught.  The flavor of stout variety is less nutty than the Draught variety. A beer that you grow into!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is everywhere in the room, strong. Sour green apples for me. Taste is a snap of sour you really have to get used to. Likewise aftertaste, but I like it. (Brussels 201405)" END
BEGIN NOW "Shared this with my wife at Staminee De Garre, a beautiful, secluded beer bar hidden in an alleyway in Brugges. Pours a hazey cloudy orange colour with a fairly large white head. Aroma is tart cherry, lemongrass and yeast notes. Taste is funky. Peaches and funk! Definitely some fuzzy peach and apricot notes. Really beautiful taste." END
BEGIN NOW "Out of the bottle at a festival.  Classic example and an exceptional palate cleanser.  Very tart and sour, but not too much mustiness.  Dry and tickling to the senses.  Yeasty with soured malt and funky fruits." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled on cask at the Gingerman, NYC. Pours dark copper with a faint haze and no head. Wild cherry and barnyard aroma. Lots of horse blanket. Good and funky!  Quite sour and fruity with more brett funk. Faint bready caramel malt character is overwhelmd b the yeast and bacteria funk.  Medium-bodied and hardly carbonated, which is like true result of the serving type. Interesting beer. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Greatly soured cherries with an amazingly tart sensation.  Blended nicely and exceptional.  Fruity with a mild sweetness, light bodied.  Red colored body with a pink head." END
BEGIN NOW "nice cherry tinged brick red, but no head though not flat.  aroma of both sweet and sour cherries and some barnyard funk.  feel is tingly and acidic.  flavor pops, lip smackingly tart and sour, but the cherry is not to be a background player.  nice balance and close to a 10 flavorwise." END
BEGIN NOW "i hate computers!.. i fuckin hate everything about them, fuckin assholes! .. ruby red .. farm fruit, wet hay, light funk, zest aromas .. . refreshing and light tart/sourness .. . fun stuff thats way to easy to drink! .. fuck you!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "375 ml corked and caged bottle. Poured in an oldtimer lambic glass from Dworp ( De Koninck Gebrs. ) an unfiltered hazy copper-brown coloured Fruit Lambic with no foamy head. Not the smallest micro bubble! No carbonation. No lacing. The aroma is a strong tart acidity, barnyard, quite surprising notes of meat, chitterlings sausage (!). The flavour is the pure sourness of the Lambic at its highest level, faint fruity notes, strawberries and pronounced notes of wood. The mouthfeel is first an unpleasant salty sensation before in a second time faint fruity notes emerged, and quite thin. This light to medium bodied Fruit Lambic has a long vinegar aciditic finish. A high rustical, not easy drinkable Fruit Lambic from the famous Pajottenland,... even for people used to sour ales !" END
BEGIN NOW The Celtic Harp is unique to Ireland and is as much a part of being Irish as the love of life, good music and the apreciation of a finely crafted beer. Harp is brewed in the traditional Irish way, from some of the finest barley and purest water in the world, for a fuller, richer flavour. Harp Lager's distinctive taste complements any cuisine. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a nice gold color, frothy head and fair lace. Malty smell, some floral under tones, start is malt sweet, the middle some what thin, the finish is clean and fresh. Fair hop presence in the finish also, a nice beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Clean crisp taste that I would swear was a ale. Not very complex and has a smooth taste with no bitterness. Have had on tap and in the bottle and enjoyed both ways. Good to drink anytime and not just on St. Patricks day. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "good pour, followed by foam that quickly disappears.the lightest color.   was  ok,  but  not  a lot too it. Not  going out of my way for this one again." END
BEGIN NOW "Draught, Bottled.  Colour - clear gold, generous white head, no lacing.  Aroma - barley malt, aluminum, hops.  Mouthfeel - weak to watery.  Flavour - very grainy, malt sweetness, hops.  Overall - not as easy drinking as a North American macro, but with more cpomplexity." END
BEGIN NOW "porus a nice golden yellow with a nice white head which disappears quickly with just eought carbonation.  It has a crips clean taste.  Will say this beer tastes better in the UK then here but not by much.  This is a good beer to drink while playing darts." END
BEGIN NOW Tom Paine is a premium dry hopped bitter named after the celebrated radical who lived in Lewes in the eighteenth century. America celebrates 'Independence Day' on the 4th of July and in Britain CAMRA has designated July 'Independents Month' in celebration of Britains independent brewers. This strong pale ale was awarded silver medal at the BBI Awards in 1993. END
BEGIN NOW "Light amber color.. with creamed coffee head that dies quickly, this ale is lack luster.  Nutty notes that sort of hang around longer then you want.  It is an ok ale.. wouldn't want it all the time.  had bettere" END
BEGIN NOW "a very good full beer.  nutty flavor and smell.  tastes great with meals and is very smooth.  i would recommend this for anyone who is a fan of english ales." END
BEGIN NOW "No head, smooth but different type of finish. I would buy again but wont go looking for it. Thought it would be better, maybe Harveys other styles will fit the bill. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Kissmybass" END
BEGIN NOW "reddish colour, few head, complex nose (wine, plum, nut), long nutty aftertaste - very good !" END
BEGIN NOW Old Engine Oil is a near-black brew with a silky-smooth rummy aroma, a coffee-ish palate, and a suggestion of the darkest chocolate. It is made from pale malt, roasted barley and malted oats. Old Engine Oil is well-hopped with the sweetish variety Galena from Washington State, Worchester Fuggles and East Kent Golgings. END
BEGIN NOW "This is a true black beauty with no head. The aroma is very light & make fun of me but I smell malt and meat, yes I wrote meat. The mouthfeel is very thick like 40 weight oil with just a note of bitterness. The flavor is rich malt,coffee and chocolate. Really makes me angry  I only bought one bottle but I will buy more." END
BEGIN NOW "I like me some Scottish ale.  This one was a great and awesome brew.  I was blown away that the roasted malt and the alcohol mixed so well with each other.  The brew in the mouth was incomparable. You could really taste the traditional and the passion in this brew.  The color was that of 40 weight motor oil and it was quite thick. there was no strong flavor of alcohol and it was sweet on the back end.  I do want to have this again but it is quite pricey at $6.75 American for 11.5 oz.  In all a fabulous brew that I would like to try brew on my own.  Fingers crossed." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours pitch black with a 3 finger chocolate colored head that takes its time.  Body likens to cola and the head is sudsy. Seems carbonated but is hard to tell.  Aroma is very roasted with hints of coffee and chocolate.  Definite metal on the nose as well, almost rusty. Taste is very dry roasted with hints of oatmeal with a slight boozyness. Body is quite creamy. Aftertaste is dry and malts.  Not half bad but not to my personal liking.  You can get a lot better for the price elsewhere." END
BEGIN NOW "A deep dark mahogany on the pour with a rich medium lasting brown head. Good lacing and head retention. Aroma of dark roasted malt, earth, some espresso. Taste has a good roasted chocolate flavor, with nice espresso notes with sweet roasted malts. A slightly creamy texture on the palate with good carbonation. Finish is a combination of sweet roasted dark caramel malts, some good flavorful chocolate notes, espresso, some dark chocolate bitterness.Overall a tasty brew. I would drink this again." END
BEGIN NOW "Another good beer by Harviestoun.  Should introduce some of my Scottish , Coors Light drinking buddies to this. Not as smokey as other Scottish ales. Full flavour of roasted malt,  chocolate  and a hint of cherries. Oily mouthfeel. Heading for the Blackest. " END
BEGIN NOW Fraoch is Scotland's native ale. Fraoch is Gaelis for "Heather'. Heather ale has been brewed in Scotland for four thousand years and is the oldest style of ale still made in the world. The Picts who ruled Scotland until the 9th century were known to brew the legendary heather ale, these 'people of the designs' were the creators of the artistic style of our label. Scotland has ten million acres of wild flowering heather, this natural resource being used to produce ales until the 18th Century when British legislation forced Scottish Brewers to conform to the international use of hops. This ale is produced to a 16th Century Scots-Gaelic recipe from malted barley 'bree', sweet gale and heather flowers. The hot ale is infused in heather flowers before being fermented in copper tuns. Fraoch has a floral, peaty aroma, full malt body, a spicy herbal flavour and a dry wine like finish - Slainte END
BEGIN NOW "I got this in a four-pack of historic Scottish beers, which was just too much for me to resist. Aroma is strong, malty, and very pleasant. It pours out an orange-amber, rather than yellowish or brownish, with a thick head. Taste is a tad thin, but pleasantly malty with a nice bitter kick. A refreshing and smooth ale - I can see, or rather taste, why it has lasted for four millennia." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a golden amber with a 2 finger head that seems to take its time.  Minimal carbonation, one line of bubble form the bottom of the glass.  For the most part the aroma is non-existent but you can detect a light aroma of sugars and sweet bread.  Has an aroma that reminds me of Heineken but without the ass added.  Lacing is decent.  Taste is light and sweet, nothing much else to add.  Aftertaste is slightly metallic and sweet.  Good drinkable beer but not at the price.  On tap this would be perfect for any hot day." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear darker yellow with white small foam head. Aroma is malty and caramel. Taste is bit too much sweet, little bitterness. Banana. Short bittersweet aftertaste, not bitter enough for my taste. Banana again. (Barnsley 201210) " END
BEGIN NOW "Pretty unique flavor, much like a sage beer I had not too long ago. This is a bit corny in the nose, a bit plain and cloudy in the glass, but decent experience anyway. The aftertaste is a bit weedy and offputting, not sure I'd do this again." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a hazy orange color with some floating bubbles and a small head with some bubbles around edges vs. lace cling. The aroma is light, really no other way to put it, its not overly aromatic. Has a simple bit of malts and earthy quality. The taste is really light but tasty. A little bit of an herbal flavor with some bit of earth rounds out the flavors. END
BEGIN NOW The mouthfeel is light body with a medium carbonation. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW Grozet: 'Auld Scots for Gooseberry' (From the Gaelic - Grosseid). Since the 16th centruy, Scots monks and Alewives have brewed special concoctions from a blend of malts, wild spices and ripe gooseberries. Bringing together these various ingredients in a beer the brewer attempts to offer a drink which is refersehing, full of flavour and a pleasure to consume. Amongst the Scots literati of the 19th century, the Green Grozet was immortalised as 'a most convivial drink.' END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a golden straw yellow that is mostly hazy and some signs of carbonation with a thin layer of foam with no head at all and tiny bubbles can be seen coming up through the bottom of the glass but no lacing.  The aroma is bready and sweet malts, vanilla, clove, spices, fruitiness and tart aromas. The taste is gooseberries and tart notes right up front, wheat and bready characters follow and not really much else going on here. The mouthfeel is a little dry, light to medium bodied, a little chewy, and medium carbonation.  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "My wife bought me this beer as part of a 4 pack of Scottish beers. It pours an amber colour with a medium head. Not much lacing on the glass. Tastes of tart gooseberry. Actually the natural tartness of wheat beer and gooseberry is quite good." END
BEGIN NOW "Best before feb 2011. Pours a pale gold with a small white cap that fades quickly. No lacing. A hint of fruit in the aroma. The flavour has a nice berry hint and is primarily malty but there something about it that I just don't enjoy. Not gonna buy this one again." END
BEGIN NOW "Best Before Nov. 2008:  Was shopping for beer last week, so my fiance decided to go inside with me cause I usually take a while trying to figure out what to get.  She likes browsing through the beers, reading the labels, etc. She pointed this out, and since I was trying to stay away from wheats I decided to go with the Ebulum Elderberry instead.  I loved that beer, so today grabbed another one along with this Gooseberry beer to try.  This one was just ok to me, not really worth the price IMO.  Has a clear, pale, light orange appearance.  Aroma is about average, on the sweeter side...smelling honey and caramel.  A decent smooth malty beer.  Tasting the berries a bit as I get towards the end....hardly noticable at first.  This may be one of those beers that I only try once though." END
BEGIN NOW "A musky fruit ale from the Highlands.  Not a whole lot to say about this one as it was quickly forgotten onbce the glass was empty.  Hazy golden brown in colour with a thin head.  Aroma was fruity - not sure it was gooseberry though.  Taste was bland - not a whole lot going on other than malt." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW " i>canned, sampled in Creta; - clear golden colour and a fine foam; fat grassy hoppiness with notes of almonds; creamy mouthfeel and medium-bodied at best; moderately dry and papery finish with light notes of aromatic hops - not bad at all" END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is malty, biscuity, of sweetness, some slight hops, grainy, and corn-like. Appearance is golden yellow, crisp, clean, medium-sized head as well as fuzzy and is white in color and diminishes. Mouthfeel is light-bodied  with nice balance between hops and malts, palate is wet-like and sharp. Flavor is biscuity, malty, grainy, sweet, with some slight hoppy bitter with an aftertaste that is a bit watery but smooth with a finish that is clean and crisp with not much aftertaste. Overall, decent brew here and better than expected and is similar to a Dortmunder-style brew perhaps; nice representation of the style..." END
BEGIN NOW "Yep, 'neutral' is the word here. OKish pils for the summer heat in Greece, not worth buying anywhere else. Very pale colour, weak aroma and flavour." END
BEGIN NOW "Ive had this a few times (Over the years) at the Greek Festival we put on yearly a little sour/bitter but went well with my Lamb meal MMMM." END
BEGIN NOW "Nothing special" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled@SBWF2007. Golden colour, mediumsized white head. Aroma is hops, grass, slight diacetyl and some mild malts. Flavour is the same, but the maltyness and grassyness are really big. Refreshing, but hard to get down..." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I poured this into a glass to better appreciate it. Color is a nice golden with a very thick head. Aroma is strong and malty, but not complex - rather typical of a lager. Flavor is mostly malty and fairly bitter; finish is smooth. Not an exceptional or exciting beer, but worth a try." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear yellow with quickly dissapearing white foam head. Aroma is quite malty, so is taste. Bit carbonating, bit sparkling. Nice bitter aftertaste . (Velp 201212)" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Gangham Style. This (S)Hite has little Seoul...Very pale yellow fizzy beer, bubbly short-lived white head, no lacing. Watery corn and malt sweetness, very weak lemongrass hops presence, thin and very watery. Kimchi is better. South Korea is marked off..." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear pale yellow with small white foam ring. Aroma is barley, some yeast, some hay. Taste is OK lager, but nothing special. Good for a thirsty moment. Aftertaste little bitter. (Houston 201310)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "The cans aren't too bad, as are the brown-bottle 6-packs.  It's good, or as bad, as Cass.  So of the major Korean beers, OB is better than this. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW However... there's no listing on Beerpal for... get ready for this.... PLASTIC BOTTLES... END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Yep, my lcoal Korean store sells this in 64 ounce plastic bottles, or 'pitcher size' as it's called on the bottle.  A brown plastic bottle that welcomes skunkiness.  You open the cap and the smell of rubbing alcohol, roast beef and rubber just permeate the senses.  Taste is similar - the hairs on your back will stand up. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Korean beers, stick to OB.  Cass and Hite, only if you have to break glass in case of emergency!" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a wan straw yellow - not inspiring - with a white head that doesn't stick around for long. OK, maybe it gets better. Aroma is typical of a pale lager, malty with a fruity hint. Flavor is typical, crisp and malty and just a little fruity - nothing special, but OK. Texture has average body and a fair amount of fizziness. Mediocre, but give it a fair shake." END
BEGIN NOW "About what you would expect, thin, watery, aromas and flavors of malt and rice. Had these over a few games of pool, eh it was this or bud, overall not the worst light beer you will run across." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pale, weak thin beer with a grassy aroma and taste.  Not what I was expecting and I'm starting to not trust many of these Euro brews.  Very skunky and would not recommend to anyone." END
BEGIN NOW "not the best aroma - something fruit in it? little bit sweet taste while dinking. light taste. western style beer. not very interesting. but leaves quite nice bitter taste after drinking. dense beer cap/foam when not overchilled.  END
BEGIN NOW no need of tasting again." END
BEGIN NOW "Another premium lager that is grossly mislabeled in an attempt to get the masses to believe that it is something that it is not.  Another pale gold Euro lager that has very little in the way of aroma outside of grassy malt and a flavour to match." END
BEGIN NOW "500ml can END
BEGIN NOW "Decent clear yellow colour with the smallest ammount of unfilterd gunk, small white head that survives only as a skim. It has a nice sweet aroma of apples and malts with a light ammount of skunk - over very appealing. There is a sharp bitterness when cold which is not overpowering, sour apples and seemingly better than average malts. Good solid taste throughout. Light bodied. The sides and bottom of my tongue got hit by good tanginess. There is a small ammount of sharp bitterness that has decent staying power. I like this stuff and it's been on my regular rotation for years. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Nice hazy pale yellow color. Top is stable and white. Aroma is quite weak and hoppy. Taste has some hints of flowers and sweeetness, aftertaste has it's bitter freshness." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a light & hazy golden with thick and dimpled white head and excellent lace. A faint aroma of sweet malts and some spice. The mouthfeel is smooth, although a bit thin. Flavors of sweet malts, some apple & tart, citrus, and mild spices. Very refreshing!" END
BEGIN NOW "I will have to disagree with some folks on this one and say that I thought it was a great British bitter.  I always need to add the disclaimer that Bitters are one of my favorite style beers.  With that, this beer was creamy and bold.  I would not call it a quintessential British Bitter because it was different than the other ones I had (see Harveys's Bitters - the very best in my opinion), however, it will always hold a special place in my heart as it was the first beer I had when arriving in GB.  I had it at a small pub in Royal Tunbridge Wells, GB.  Great beer!" END
BEGIN NOW "A truly great beer - I pity those reviewers who have only tried this once and then only in bottle (its very good in bottle - but thats not the point) END
BEGIN NOW   END
BEGIN NOW This is an EXCEPTIONAL English summer ale - perhaps THE pinnacle of its type. Light straw colour, light body (this is for drinking in the garden behind the pub - probabily sunday lunchtime) good balanced bitterness.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW But the aroma is everything, complex hops that persist until your next mouthful - floral indeed but not prissy - intersting but not overpowering. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Its a beer that you return to at every opportunity." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a hazy pale golden yellow with a thin white head. Nose is bready, with citrus and grass.  Lightly hopped, mouthfeel is disappointingly watery.  Sweet with a bitter finish.  All around OK." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Dark ambery brown colour with big beige foamy head, which leaves a lot of lacing. Aroma is caramel malts, some alcohol and mild fruity- and yeastyness. Pleasant. Flavour is raisins, caramel, sweet malts, some nectary and fruityness as well as mild hopping. Alcohol shows as a very slight glueish note being in the background. Biting carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours golden-brown with good clarity and a short, turn scattered, head.  Great aroma, you don't even have to lift the beer from the table to enjoy its sweet and sour smell.  The flavor is delicious and includes caramel and plum with Belgium candy sugar lending a powerful sweetness.  Medium-bodied, amply carbonated, and surprisingly drinkable in light of its 10% alcohol level." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled from bottle.  Pours a slightly hazy copper-brown with a thin tan head.  I presume the alcohol killed the head.  Aroma is bitter chocolate and ripe fruits (raisins, prunes).  Flavor is balanced with caramelized malts, alcohol, plums and spice (mostly yeast and perhaps some from hops).  Full-bodied, well-carbonated and dry.  A fine ale." END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml brown bottle with gold foil up the neck. END
BEGIN NOW Pours a hazy brown color, off white foam that starts with nice head, then disappears to a thin collar. Held up to the light it is more brown with orangish/red highlites. Sharp smell of brown sugar and lemon, also lots of alcohol on the nose. Taste has caramel, burnt toffee, cloves, and a licorice type finish. Bit of an alcohol burn going down with a slight tinge of metal in the aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Very dark reddish brown with bubbly, fast diminishing tan head. Aroma has caramel, dark fruits, brown sugar and some chocolate. Very well balanced taste. Sweet then sour, malty, some liquorice and dark fruit. Full bodied, quite highly carbonated, with a dry finish. Warming alcohol on the way down. Excellent." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled (from lahoublonniere.be, 9.4%). Hazy golden colour, mediumsized white head. Aroma is alcohol, caramel malts, cookies, some fruityness and yeast. Flavour is fruity, yeasty, wooden, mildly spicy, flowery hoppy and also some alcohol, which grows the warmer the beer gets. " END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle, 9.4% abv. Hazy/cloudy golden colour with slim white head. Spicey and fruity aroma, with apples and barnyard. Caramel, spices, yeast, sugar, fruit and late alcohol in the taste. Medium bodied, moderate carbonation. Well put together; very good." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a copper color with tons of floaties, and an off white head, that left no lacing on the glass. Aroma of caramel malts, spices, barnyard, and hay. Taste of caramel malt, nuts, acidic cherries, light bitterness, and a touch of alcohol in the finish." END
BEGIN NOW "OK, it's a pretty tasty beer if you can get past the appearance. It pours a orange/red body, with little head. It had a pleasant aroma, but I couldn't get past all of the sediment in this beer. I waited for it to settle, but it really never did. Maybe if you filter it on the pour through a strainer this could be a decent beer. I'll pass next time due to the sediment especially for my money" END
BEGIN NOW "dark orange colour, fine head, no lace, deep complexity of the aroma (cinnamon, orange, nutty), full-bodied, sweet followed by a great dry bitter, spicy and fruity finish - only one little touch under the original (like its alcohol content)" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a hazy yellow color with a small, white head that left light lacing on the glass. Aroma of citrus, coriander, and light yeast. Taste of more coriander, yeast, and tart citrus. I preferred this over the Pax Limburgse Witte I had previously." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Hazy yellow colour with very small white head. Wheat and citrus in aroma. Flavour at first is typical witbier, but at some point it turns into dishwater. Unpleasant finish and aftertaste." END
BEGIN NOW "hazy lactic-orange colour, almost no foam, cinnamon and coriander, citrusy, notes of straw, acidic, light to medium body, the finish is short and quite flat with a lemony touch" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW Delirium Nocturnum is a dark ale of 9% alcohol. It is a triple fermentation ale using 3 different yeast strains and 5 different malts. Incredibly well-balanced for an ale this high in alcohol, the bouquet has an aromatic sweetness. The body is bursting with flavors of raisins, bittersweet chocolate, and aniseed. The finish is long and develops into a hoppy aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out very dark brown with a massive foamy tan head. The aroma is light and simple I mostly smell raisins. The mouthfeel is best described as having a metal taste but it's the high abv. The taste is of yeast and bitter malt. It's a good beer but not worth 7 bucks." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear dark ruby with light brown lacing foam head. Aroma is light caramel, some hay. Tastes quite nice, barley, some caramel, some hay. Short aftertaste. (Velp 201403)" END
BEGIN NOW "330ml bottle END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "You have to love the Duinen beers...........simple names, taste good.  The beer pours a reddish-brown colour, clear when held to the light, and has a 1" light brown head.  The aroma is dominated by sweet caramel malt, yeast, grains, and plums.  The flavour is very yeasty with caramel sweetness and a bitter finish being secondary." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a vigorous head with very toffee/caramel aroma with slighly burntish overtones. Good caramelly flavor with hops to barely keep it in check. A sweet but spicy dubbel. I dig this beer. Dark and unapologetic. Nice." END
BEGIN NOW "08.11.05  Undated 750ml bottle, wrestled with the cork for five minutes to remove it.  Deep ruby brown with small beige head.  First whiff reminds of canned fruit salad, reduced with brown sugar and apples in a seasoned old skillet.  Plum pudding.  Some sherry and wood qualities come through, and butterscotch hints.  Sour fruitiness is also plummy, like an underipe fruit, also reminiscent of the sourness in yogurt.  Lingering caramelized fruits, cherry, plum, pear, grape.  Acidity breaks up the sweetness and fairly heavy body but gets a bit tiring in its own right.  Woody, dry finish.  Nice." END
BEGIN NOW "Duinen solves the problem of green glass by painting opaque white. Dark brown with moderate beige head. Aroma carries sting of alcohol. Good pruney fruitiness. Wood and a surprising (slightly unpleasant) bitterness. Perhaps it's the bitterness, but the flavor is a bit thin. Alcoholic warmth in chest. Extrememely faint Sourness lurks under the bitterness" END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Reddish brown colour, mediumsized beige head. Dark berries (black currant) and maybe some winegums (?, the non-raters at the table said so...). Also alcohol present, but fits in very well. Sweet aftertaste, and sticky palate. A bit barleywineish hints over it." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This beer is somewhat plain.  Not much of an aroma.  Dark beer with a medium body that hints a little bit of fruit.  The flavors are very subtle.  Not bad, but not too great either." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "GAK! What went on here? Chocolate, rose petal, turkish delight, wheaty, lettuce in the compost, fermented beverage?!? That about describes it I guess, all around really strange. The most defining characteristic of the beer is the intense hot chocolate poweder aroma/taste. In fact, if i come across another bottle, I will take a wit, dump in fake hot chocolate poweder and do a comparative tasting. Until that moment, I must say I value  creativity above all else in beer making, especially when it is complemented by skill, as this brewery tends to have, but this is like chicken feet in fish sauce to my palate, nothing jives... perfume and powdered chocolate, touch of wheat, toss in some pilsnerish yeast, and you have this bizzare beverage. Still gets a 6 overall for the balls to bottle this." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Enjoyed at a Belgian-style bar in Doha, Qatar. Best before July 2012. One of four Floris had tonight. Pours a little cloudy light peach-red colour with a big white creamy head that is slightly pink. The smell is of strawberry juice with some Belgian yeast. The taste though is watery with the strawberries. Gets a bit sweeter in the finish and gets even more fruity at the last pour. Overall refreshing, with aromas that are stronger than the flavours. " END
BEGIN NOW "Murky reddish brown colour, big pinkish head. Aroma is some sourer type of strawberries. Flavour is the same. Refreshing and not too sweet. I would say not artificial about this one. " END
BEGIN NOW No Comment END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Dark brownish red, small head. Aroma is cherry along with almond. Flavour is artificial sweet cherry with some nutty hints. Watery palate. Long cherry aftertaste. " END
BEGIN NOW "hazy red colour with an unregular pink head, strong aroma of cherry syrup, very sweet with some sourness, reasonable body, dry cherry aftertaste - basically perfect for children but somehow I find it quite drinkable" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Hazy yellowish golden colour, small white head. Aroma is honey, some citrus and dishwater. Flavour is dishwater, sugar, lots of honey and that's about it. The honey tastes real, but still the beet is way too sweet. " END
BEGIN NOW "The aroma gets a 10 i fully admit because it's strong-smells like a beehive, but is an overpowering smell none-the-less. The head lasted a litlle longer than anticipated and I do like the cloudy appearance. The taste. Ahh the taste. Yes it's sweet, but being a fan of the honey beers, I like it. " END
BEGIN NOW "I may as well been in the hanging gardens in the ancient world, because this brew had a very powerful floral aroma. Poured a cloudy off-white colour with lots of thick light-tan head. It looked like a cloud in a glass. A honey flavour hits the tonuge first, then it bursts into a flower taste - I may as well be eating roses, daisies and tulips. A little too sweet to finish the glass entirely, but what I can manage to drink down is quite wonderful. Finishes with a minor wheat taste. Quite impressive!" END
BEGIN NOW "Well this is quite a sweet beer, all I can smell and taste is HONEY!!! The pour has a nice white head with great lacing, colour is a cloudy pale yellow. I really had a hard time with this one, way too rich and sweet for my liking, but it's a very carefully brewed beer. " END
BEGIN NOW "Wow !  This fruity brew based on wheatbeer is definitely what the title says about it.  It pours a cloudy very pale beige-yellow with a great white head and heavy lacing.  The nose is full of honey with notes of tangerine and spices.  The taste starts off with the orange-family citrus punch, then finishes on the rich honey gustation.  Very, very sweet, but does not make me sick.  Slight wheat in the aftertaste.  Never tasted something quite like this one, and I love different feel of beer.  Strongly recommended to people who like fruit beers like me and unique tastes." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I want to give it lower numbers than I do, but I cannot fault this beer. Obviously it is really sweet and fruity, but thats exactly what this is. It is not like Lost Coast Tangerine, tasting like orange crush, and its not like Unibroue Ephemere, a subtle champagne like complex beverage. Its a whole different beast. Thick and viscous, very real tasting/smelling mango and passion fruit (Ninkeberry. Its got some tart apple showing up here and there, some lychee (like in bubble tea). Its quite tangy but not it a soda pop kinda way, more like fresh tropical fruit juice. There is some wheat going on in the palate and some kind of yeast....not a heavy sourdough, and not a subtle chamgane, and not a spicy belgian.. by process of elimination, its alomst like a pilsner yeast... this beer is obviously sweet and girly, but it is actually very original and made expertly." END
BEGIN NOW "Fruit beers are far tyoo popular and prevalent than they should be.  I'm not always convinced that they are better than the 'yellow fizzy beer'.  This was no different.  Beer shouldn't be pink." END
BEGIN NOW "330ml bottle END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled@home (BBE 05/2008). Colour is slightly hazy golden and the beer has a small off-white head. Aroma is tropical fruits, some sugary sweetness as well as mild notes of zest. Flavour is tropical fruits with a rather big sweetness that stays on for a while. Refreshing, though quite artificial. " END
BEGIN NOW "Poured out a cloudy, slightly weak apricot colour with some white head, ok retention, nice ropy lacing. The aroma is unreal! Simply incredible. I don't know what a Ninkeberry is but that hardly matters here. Seems warm, viscous and the fruit seems to be a cross between guava, lichi nuts, orange, and pineapple. The taste is odd and does not carry the aroma to the taste. A thick, dark, not quite tangy fruit flavor. I noticed the soft wheat. A very unique fruit flavor that is not oversweet. Smooth and slightly viscous with very fine effervesance. Finishes sweet with the dryness keeping it from being horribly sweet. I loved this beer but I cannot see myself drinking more than one in a row. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Enjoyed at a Belgian-style bar in Doha, Qatar. Best before March 2012. This one, out of the 4 Floris I tried tonight, had the smallest head, but still, creamy and decent lasting. Its colour was golden and just barely hazy. Wow... what a powerful nose of passion fruits. It does calm down a bit later. Medium-bodied and pretty refreshing. Starts with a mild sweet fruity taste of passion fruits and has a nice little sourness to it. Overall a nice summer fruity beer." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "pours a light golden colour with no foam nor lace; dry hop aroma, sweet with a light to medium malt body; shows a quite brief aftertaste                     with moderate malty notes " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml mock stoneware bottle, Cardinal Pub & Bar, Stavanger. ABV is 9%. The glass fills completely by a white foamy head, and the golden beer below appears only slowly. Strong and "typically Belgian" sweetish aroma with yeasty, spicy and fruity notes. The flavour is also spicy, medium sweet and "typically Belgian", with distinct hops in the finish. Warming mouthfeel. A few of La Guillotine, and you might lose your head completely ... END
BEGIN NOW   END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Solid gold brew with a nice sized creamy white cap with nice retention and excellent lacing (lots of crud in the bottom of the bottle poured out into the last 1/4 of my glass). The aroma is a split between the berries (strawberries) and peaches and the soft yeast with a slight mustiness and very faint pepper. When this is cold it's harsh, when it's warmed considerably it lacks joy, seems watered down. The taste is kinda wimpy but does have apples and some other light fruit, maybe honey, watery, some peppery spice and obvious alcohol, especially when colder. Almost too easy to drink at this point. Light medium bodied. Sort of smooth with a so-so chest burn. Finshes boring or harsh, depending on temperature. My empty glass smells like assholes...er..........." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Hazy golden colour, mediumsized white head. Aroma is fruits, hops and some hints of yeast. Flavour is fruits, wood, yeast and some mild maltyness. A nice balanced blonde, after the yeast is poured in, before the yeast it was a bit out of balance. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Deep rubyish brown colour, mediumsized beige head. Aroma is yeast, some earth and fruits with some mild notes of wood and spices. Flavour is quite much the same with some slight cardboardish notes. " END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy ruby brown colour with a low tan coloured head. Yeasty and slightly acidic aroma of prunes and cherries with notes of pears and metal. fruity flavour of dark berries, yeast, freshly baked bread and cherry liqour. long warming aftertaste of raisins and figs with touches of yeast and alcohol." END
BEGIN NOW "light ambered colour with a big white and persistant head; perfect lacing;  deep vegetable and spicy aroma, slightly sweet with a decent malt body and a long aftertaste" END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle. Dark brown with a large beige head. Aroma is fruity, dark malts and caramel perhaps. Dark malts in the taste, with fruit and quite bitter later with some alcohol also in the finish. Medium, quite carbonated mouthfeel. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle. Nice looking amber colour with a slim off-white head. Aroma of sweet malt and whiskey. Flavours are very sweet, vanilla, malts and light butterscotch. Medium bodied with a light finish. I have a sweet tooth; I quite like this." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Ruby red colour with huge sparkling and bubbly beige head. A lot of carbonation. Earthy malts and some yeast in aroma, along with a bit of alcohol. Flavour is caramel, dry fruits some malts and yeast. Aftertaste has alcohol and fruit in it. " END
BEGIN NOW "cloudy brown colour with a fine head, malty and bready, notes of prune, vinegar and vinous, sweet and carbonated, strong alcohol presence, the finish is long, malty with alcohol and fruits" END
BEGIN NOW "Dark murky brown with no head. Aroma has dates, malts and bread. Taste is quite complex; malt is dominant, with spices and alcohol. Medium bodied and drinkable. Very good." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Orange colour, white foamy head. Aroma is dry and sour fruit. Flavour is more like sour wheat, yeast and some malts with some droves. A very pleasant and wellbalanced brew. " END
BEGIN NOW "cloudy dark orange colour with a fine creamy head, pear and malty aroma, subtle spicy notes, sweet and oily, full-bodied, decent bitterness, long fruity and malty finish" END
BEGIN NOW "Golden with a slim, soon gone, white head. Flowery, orangey aroma. Quite highly carbonated. Spicey, hoppy, then a sweetish finish. Medium mouthfeel, fairly good, bog standard tripel." END
BEGIN NOW "its good but there are better ones." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy dark yellow with solid large white lacing foam head. Aroma is weak, blocked of by foam, caramel and bitter hop. Taste is low sweet bitter beer. Did great with Indonesian dish. (Velp 201206)" END
BEGIN NOW "It's hard to determine which was the best beer I had at t 'IJ but, this was definitely up there. Poured a cloudy amber with a medium sized white head. Some grapefruit, fresh hops and other citrus notes on the palate. Beautiful beer." END
BEGIN NOW "One of the best beers at the Brouwerij 't IJ in Amsterdam. Cloudy amber color with a dense, bubbly off-white head and great lacing. Caramelized malt and yeast aroma. Superb blend of flavors - roasted malt, light toffee, spice, and bitter hops. Full, rich mouthfeel gives way to a crisp, bitter finish. Very nice; full and satisfying." END
BEGIN NOW "brownish amber with a big white foam. Quite dry and fruity aroma of roses, , pine-apples, kiwi and grassy hop oils. Dryish aromatic aflavour of flowers, yeast and caramel. Long warming aftertaste of wet grass, roses and caramel. Really interesting belgian strong, this." END
BEGIN NOW "NorCal tasting Jan 07 - I was waiting on this one to come around and it did not disappoint.  An aroma of burnt toast, raisins, sweet and fruity malts abound.  Appearance was golden orange in color.  Mouthfeel was very spritzy and lively.  Flavors were sweet fruits, yeast, some toasted cracker...very nice.  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy dark yellow with solid large white lacing foam head. Aroma is weak, blocked of by foam, caramel and bitter hop. Taste is low sweet bitter beer. Did great with Indonesian dish. (Velp 201206)" END
BEGIN NOW "Another solid beer from t' IJ. Lighter for a dubbel but still hearty. Pours a muddy brown, small white head. Taste is almondy, little toast and some woodiness. Easy sipping yet flavourful." END
BEGIN NOW "smells of cherries and wet hay .. . tons of fizzy foamy head, yes, another infected bottle .. . yellow caramel colour  .. . what am i supposed to do, infection nation .. . thanks to Gert Jan, but pretty gross . .. screw you guys, i'm going home.." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled at the Brouwerij 't IJ in Amsterdam. Poured from the tap a cloudy amber-brown with a creamy tan head. A deliciously succulent sour-fruit-toffee aroma, crisp palate, and bitter-burnt caramel-candy flavors with a robust hop bitterness. Finishes long and pronounced - very nice. " END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml bottle, courtesy of Cardinal pub, Stavanger. The beer is quite clear reddish brown when poured, a slight haziness may occur if the sediment is disturbed in the end, decent head. LOVELY aroma with intense fruity an vinous notes, spices are very much present too. The flavour is also fruity and spicy but not very powerful, hints of caramel. Moderate sweetness, moderate bitterness. A slightly salty finish. Light bodied, the ABV is well hidden. Easy drinking. The aftertaste is not remarkable. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy golden with solid white foam head lacing to glass. Aroma is bitter hop, so is taste. Bitter with some citrus. Aftertaste is nice bitter. Good beer while celebrating my wifes Birthday. (Velp 201206)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "pours a hazy gold, with lots and lots of foam.. . thin, watery, sour, fizzy .. . clearly infected, had from different locations and infected.. . a horrid strike against this cool brewery .. . college basketball is so gay!" END
BEGIN NOW " Poured a cloudy lemon-yellow at the Brouwerij 't IJ in Amsterdam. The thin white head led to a faint grainy nose and a dishwater mouthfeel. Lacks flavor; has a bitter crispness unmatched by absent maltiness." END
BEGIN NOW "This Bohemian Pilsner pours a light yellow gold color from a 33cl bottle. Medium to large sized white foamy head. The aroma is grain, grass, floral hops and yeast. A medium bodied Bohemian Pilsner. The malts are grainy and grassy. The hops are very spicy and somewhat floral. Nice carbonation. Hoppy for a pilsner. Crisp, dry and clean. A touch of malt sweetness in the middle. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is crisp and very dry. Aftertaste is slightly bitter. " END
BEGIN NOW "POurs out in a pale golden colour with a rich eruptive white foam. Yeasty aroma of crackers, biscuit and mild banana with dryish crisp notes of white bread, orange-peels, grass and minerals. Flavour starts quite sweet of crackers and oranges but finishes really dry and bitter of grassy hops with touches of yeast. Really nice." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Ruby with off-white foam head lacing to glass. Little aroma, may be because I drinking this outside with farmer smell around me. Taste is barley with little sweet aftertaste. (Velp 201206)" END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma was nice with canned fruits, yeasts, and sweet, nutty malts. A deep brown body with ample carbonation, a thick light tan cap that left heavy lace. I drank this one to warm so the flavor wasnt as complex as it could have been, i got a slightly sweet malty beer with some yeast notes. Overall it was a nice beer that i would drink again." END
BEGIN NOW "From the bottle at the brewery, after exhausting all the draught offerings. An attractive reddish-brown pour with a thick tan head. The same aroma I've found to be typical for 'tIj: sour fruity-veggie and yeast.  Dry palate, both initially and at the finish. Well-carbonated; the bottle foamed forever upon opening. Very appealing flavors, well-balanced; sweet, nutty, malty, with some fruit and spice and a touch of sharp bitterness. Very nice." END
BEGIN NOW "hey good beer. Aroma is intriguing and kinda sensual--flowery sweet and yeasty. Copper orange color, big soft head and easy lacing.... Taste is long and smooth especially for the abv, with a lot of support, its not  heavy, but filling in the mouth.... It shows a lot of bottle fermentation. Citrus candy, Hayish grains, cookie like, some nuttiness (peanuts) it really displays the grains, which are rich and mild and basically just smooth. good balance too...i enjoyed this a lot" END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy dark brown colour, topped with a fluffy tan-coloured head. Yeasty and biscuity aroma with notes of black cherries, black currant, alcohol and caramel with a light sourish undertone. Quite dry flavour of yeast, cherry-skins, dried figs and oily hops. Long finish of orange-peels, yeast and cherry pastilles. A very interesting ale." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Clear yellow with vanishing white head. Good bitter taste with some herbs lingering, not sure arbout not carbonated too high. Will have to try again. Intreging name.  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "This tripel was dank. Spicey, tropical and noticeable alcohol. Pours a clouded golden with a huge fluffhead. Had some dutch cheese to pair with it and it was heaven. Pineapple, little mango, and citrus fruit. Clove nose, grass and dried fruit." END
BEGIN NOW "Draught at the Brouwerij 't IJ in Amsterdam. A cloudy dirty-gold, a bubbly pure white head, and good Tripel character. Smooth palate but a sour veggie aroma that seems to be standard for this brewery. Fruity and malt-sweet smoothness turning dry, crisp and bitter. An enduring vanilla-tinged finish." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "A brown colored beer with a small frothy textured, light beige head.  Not much hang time on this one.  But it settles into a thick ringlet.  Light nose of sweetness.  The tasting is burnt caramel and dark fruit.  Not much hops.  Thick, nearly syrupy." END
BEGIN NOW "what a delicious surprise!  i'd neber heard of this so had no expectations going in, and ended up liking it better than their far more famous harvest ales.  silky texture, with a plethora of tobacco, dark fruit, chocolate, malty goodness.  great nose and flavor.  i'll be getting this more often for sure." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a very dark brown/burnt-orange with thin light-tan head and some thick lace surrounding the head. An aroma of caramel malts, light hops, citrus, plum, dates, and some yeast and spices. The mouthfeel is smooth and rich. Flavors of caramel malts, hops, orange, dates, raisin, yeast, and spices. Excellent!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled (as Grain dOrge Tradition). Amber colour with mediumsized and quite lasting white head. Aroma is tropical fruits, some sugar, caramel and mild alcoholic sweetness. Flavour is quite much the same along with some mild hops as well as some nextary notes. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This brew pours a bright clear amber body with an aroma of nuts, caramel and cinammon. moderately malted, small thin white head with plenty of fruitiness. Finishes a little off dry." END
BEGIN NOW "its kind of boring... i guess it fits the style though.  i prefer darker, fuller beers.  but for a pale it does ok.  its got a bit of a hoppy aftertaste... so its ok" END
BEGIN NOW "Looked nice after the pour, however little to no head.  The color was great though.  The taste and mouthfell were good.  For the beer man or the novice, I recommend a try." END
BEGIN NOW "poured a wonderful amber color, the head was nice and white.  A creamy taste, with a hint of caramel.  i would drink it again, not a bad amber overall." END
BEGIN NOW "Light gold color, medium head. A full bodied ale. Mild malts and hops. Mellow full flavor. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is smooth and clean. Aftertaste is slightly bitter. A nice mild tasty beer " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "a clear gold color with a big head. Aroma is bready, with grassy notes. flavors are quite sweet and mild. no aftertaste whatsoever at all in this beer. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled@The 1st Vaasa CS/ES beer session, thanks AK!). Pale golden colour with a rather thin white head. Aroma is quite much skunky, barnyardy, plasticpipe, mild grains and some melted rubber. Flavour is quite much similar, a very harsh brew, from which I couldn't find all too much positive things to say. " END
BEGIN NOW "This was served from a 12oz bottle that poured well with kind of a yellow whitish head with an allright aroma with some hoppy amlty smell and flavor to it." END
BEGIN NOW "01.05.05  half liter bottle.  Funny, the gold foil only extends halfway up the cap.  Almost totally clear gold color with a gargantuan, fluffy, lasting head; rocky as it fades.  Aromas are bready, white bread, with grassy notes almost hidden by some cardboard sweetness.  Palatable, sort of, flavors are quite sweet and mild.  The beer is held up by a limp grain and corn backbone, wet paper, not unpleasant.  There is a slight metallic tinge to the finish that is actually sort of nice...maybe more mineral than metallic.  Smooth feeling throughout.  Absolutely zero aftertaste." END
BEGIN NOW "Straw yellow with a foamy white head. Lemon tartness to it. I didnt like it but my wife did.Last time I buy a beer to add to my country list." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I should not have rated this beer so high. Sweaty sock with a turd aroma. Flavour not much better. Wank appearance. Don't know weather i'm gunna finish this one. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a huge foamy white head and has a golden appearance. Leaves some pretty sticky lacing. Aromas of grains and wheats. Also some light sweet malts.  Flavours are mainly malty, with some sweet and bready malts as well as yeasty notes. Average carbonation. Light bodied mouthfeel." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a golden amber in appearance with a giant, foamy white head on top that settles at about two centimeters tall and stays well.  The aroma is of lager malts to kick things off along wish some mild, earthy hops and a very slight hint of grain. There is some bread and corn.  The taste consists of earthy malts, lager hops with a hint of mild citrus and some bitterness along with it. There is a general sweetness and the usual mix of bread and corn but all of these work well and it is quite a refreshing taste from this one.  The mouth feel is smooth & light bodied as you would expect from a pilsner, there is also good, strong carbonation without being too strong or off-putting. There is a nice fizz to the beer and it is very refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a crystal clear golden amber with a nice 3 finger white head.  Decent amount of carbonation coming from the bottom of the glass. Aroma is of dry malts and grains.  Taste right off the bat is metallic and slightly malty.  Little bit on the soapy side as well.  Not a very good beer. Is Croatia still a country?" END
BEGIN NOW "Clear little dark yellow with white foam head. Aroma is clearly malty. Taste is like a light pilsener, not bad, not outstanding. Aftertaste is gone quickly. (Dubrovnik 201305)" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Reddish brown pour with a sad appearance. Sweet, fruity and metalic aroma. Thick and syrupy mouthfeel. Flavor is rich, sweet and sherry like. Caramel, toffee, plums and yeast. A little too sweet for me but still not bad" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a very near black red color with no head. The aroma of malt and sweet fruit smell like a plum. The mouthfeel is good and thick with a linger taste. The flavor is of sweet malt and fruit. Vey smooth and will buy this one again." END
BEGIN NOW "For a while I had not to much desire for these dark beers, but this one is OK. Dark color, colored foam head. Not too sweet, some hop taste. Lasting taste in mouth." END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is malty with caramel and bread hints and a noticeable alcohol nip. It pours a dark, slightly hazy mahogany with a thick, fairly persistent pale tan head. Flavor is malty and surprisingly sweet, having tones of honey, caramel and toffee in addition to the malt. Alcohol bite is more subtle than in the aroma. Texture is fairly smooth and fizzy, leaving behind a soft but persistent tingle. Finish is sweet but not cloying, and has a nice alcohol nip to it." END
BEGIN NOW "WOW! I got this beer not expecting much, but oh my, the flavour is immense. One of the finest beers I have ever tasted. Masks its 11% with remarkable ease and is like a cross between a fine strong stout and and abbey dubbel. Tastes of treacle, toffee and chocolate, but the immense flavours are not heavy going as they are in some beers of its ilk. Although this beer doesn't have the reputation of a Westy or St Bernardus 12, in my opinion, it's just as fine!" END
BEGIN NOW KEO is an exceptional lager type beer; brewed from the finest malt and the choicest hops, long matured, bottled fresh and unpasteurised, to retain its natural flavour, aroma and freshness. In March 1987, KEO Beer has been awarded the Gold Medal at the Brewing Industry International Awards Beer Competition, held at Burton-on-Trent UK. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light golden color. Smell is of malts, slightly sweet. Taste is malts and grains, easy drinking. Overall not bad but nothing to seperate it from the herd." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a light-gold color with a frothy white foam. Lots of apparent effervescence. Pretty average looking. Has aroma of light malt aroma with a hint of grain. Clean and mild; not a whole lot of character. Pretty much average for the style. The taste is a bit sour and grainy, though there's a nice hop bitterness toward the end. Could be worse, but it's not my favorite.  The mouthfeel is light body, though a bit more body than I'm used to in the style. Carbonation is pretty decent, but the lager not that impressive. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "After tasting this I can't believe that I paid for one bottle what I could have paid for a 6-pack of Natty Light - and the flavor and everything else was about the same.  Substandard grain aroma, metallic taste, weak head - just crappy beer - but expensive." END
BEGIN NOW "Average aroma. Watered down taste. Small white head.  Just does not go down good. Doesn't even taste like beer, has a really bad taste to it.  Will NOT have again." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle: Poured a light yellow lager with a medium foamy head with average retention and no lacing. Aroma consists of medium sweet malt with some very subtle dry hops. Taste is also quite bland with some lightly sweet malt but no easily discernable adjunct at least. No major flaws were found in this beer but enjoyment was also minimal." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW From the label: "KWAK. An incomparable Belgian top-fermentation beer with a unique taste." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a pretty clear amber colour, light reddish hue.  END
BEGIN NOW Has a bit of foamy head but doesn't last long. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas are very subtle, mostly dry fruits, yeast, and a bit of spices. END
BEGIN NOW Flavours are a bit on the smokey side, roasted malts, hints of caramel and nuts. Slight yeasty mouthfeel. Mildly bitter. END
BEGIN NOW Alcohol is just noticeable enough, well balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Average carbonation, and good lacing.  END
BEGIN NOW Really good stuff, but will someday have to try in appropriate glass." END
BEGIN NOW "Amber clear with small foam head. Good alcohol level with sweet bitter taste. Sweet is apple, tickle on tongue. NIce long aftertaste, now drinking this out of special kwak glass. (Velp 201204)" END
BEGIN NOW "Malty aroma has an overtone of sweet apple and a hint of caramel. It pours a clear coppery brown with a fairly thick, if not persistent, pale tan head that leaves some respectable lacing. Scrumptious flavor has firm notes of malt, caramel and apple and just a hint of cloves. It is slightly sweet and slightly bitter, and these two components nicely balance each other. Smooth, full-bodied texture has a firm fizz and leaves a subtle tingle and a malty, fruity finish." END
BEGIN NOW "A tasty Belgian. Wouldn't say it's one of the best out there, but pretty solid.  Complex flavors.  Typical fruity, hoppy, yeasty, etc. In the future, I would spend the extra buck or two for top of the line.  Nice to try something different, and the price is right." END
BEGIN NOW "Enjoyed this one at a Balgian-style bar in Qatar in its original glass with wooden holder. 8.4% ABV - ingredients: water, gerstenout, hop and gist. Best before 30/11/2012. Pours a clean amber colour with a beige head that had decent lacing. The aromas are of raisins with hints of nuts and bananas. Nice caramel taste with light fruits and very mild nuts. Hop is present in the finish with the caramel staying long into the aftertaste. Decent refreshing Belgian ale that is not too strong, but with light fruits, nuts and hop." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This poured a copper color with white head. Aroma is yeasty with yams, caramel, candi sugar, spices. Flavor is rather sweet with candi sugar, molasses, and caramel. Overall pretty good beer.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "A beer that I'd laid in to enjoy over the Christmas season and enjoy it I did!  Pouring 1.5 fingers (precisely!) of a short-lived foamy white head, this capped a cloudy body of dark orange.  The aroma was mega-spiced, along perhaps some notes of bread.  Taste was made most pleasurable by the generous spicing, and mouthfeel was just bloody excellent.  Finish was sweet n' good." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle courtesy of mgermani: Poured a deep clear amber color ale with a big foamy head with good retention and some lacing. Aroma if totally dominated by ginger with some caramel malt also discernable. Taste is quite heavy on the ginger with some light medium-sweet caramel malt notes. Body is thinner then expected with some great carbonation and alcohol is really well hidden. Definitely not what I was expected but very interesting nonetheless." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours with a frothy, four-finger thick, tan colored head.  The beer sits in my glass a darkish, amber colored, red tinted color and shows a brilliantly clear, deep reddish copper color when held up to the light.  An interesting mix of spice and malt meets my nose upon the first smell.  Fruit aromatics are also noticed and lean towards notes of aromatic, tart apples, touches of plum, pear and even some wine grape like notes (mostly white varietals, but also a touch of berry like red varietals).  The aroma is lightly woody, but sharply aromatic with various esters and phenols; spice notes of ginger, white pepper, clove and that previously mentioned wood like note are all noticeable among the melange of aromatics.  Malt aromatics of toasted grain, lightly browned soda crackers, dusty malt and a substantial fresh, whole grain bread note really perk up towards the middle and finish.  This really has quite an interesting note, the yeast character really shines here, but has a nice backdrop of supporting malt character to hold it up. END
BEGIN NOW "Another special treat from Belgium. Aromatic with apples, caramel, pepper, coriander, pears, anise rising from a clear, copper body with puffy foam. Slick and quenching mouthfeel, and the tongue agrees with the nose. Very little bitterness, some herbal hops and caramelly sweetness are all here. Another cool take on a Holiday brew." END
BEGIN NOW LA CHOUFFE is an unfiltered blonde beer, which is re-fermented in the bottle as well as in the keg. It is pleasantly fruity, spiced with coriander, and with a light hop taste. END
BEGIN NOW "It pours out a cloudy yellow like a Belgium should. The aroma is of malt, yeast and fruit. The mouthfeel is rich with just a tad of fizz. The taste is full and smooth made up from sweet malt." END
BEGIN NOW "A light cidery golden ale from Belgium, after as many as i have had it really doesnt seem all that special. A decent hop prescence, seems fairly tripel-ish. Tasty beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Sample I got fizzed quite a bit when I opened the bottle, but not so much that I needed a towel - just had to pour some out before it got messy. Aroma is fruity, yeasty and a bit woody, not strong but still appealing. Pours a nice clear bright solar yellow with a thick and fluffy, if none too persistent, white head. Flavor is better and stronger than what the aroma promised - fruity, malty, a little yeasty with a hint of butterscotch. Must be butterscotch. Texture is firm-bodied and a little syrupy; fizz is not strong but lasts, leaving a nice, fruity, tingly, slightly sweet finish. Worth ten bucks for 750 ml? Definitely." END
BEGIN NOW "Wish List beer! Snatched this one while last in oHIo @ Belmont Party Supply in Dayton. Light golden amber pour with a short-lived white head, big lacing, nice carbonation.  Sweet fruit and yeasts aromas, very slightly funky, more ripe fruits, honeysuckle and some floral in the nose. Nice flavor - very slightly warming - blend of floral, hops, yeasts, fruits, good balance of hops to malt sweetness.  Delightful beer - cool Gnome.  Will revisit this one. Just as I expected." END
BEGIN NOW "Nice amber color with huge foam head, sticking to glass the way I like it. Drinks smoothly with good bitter and fruity aftertaste. Perfect beer. (Velp 201111)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Comment END
BEGIN NOW The CHOUFFE BOK 6666 is a seasonal beer especially brewed for the Netherlands. Bok beers traditionally appear on the Dutch market at the end of September. The CHOUFFE BOK 6666 stands out from others due to a copper colour, a fresh and fruity scent and a pleasant full-bodied feeling in the mouth, which ends in an aftertaste with a hint of bitterness. END
BEGIN NOW "Nice darker brown color, sparkling beer. Refreshing taste with hops clearly present, some fruits far away. Good seasonal beer, but I understand its available all year. One of the better dark beers. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Belgium and bocks don't go together.  This beer cements those feelings.  A dark copper-brownish pour with a 1" head.  Aroma is mainly dark malts with a hint of anise.  Flavour is slightly sweet and dry, very malty." END
BEGIN NOW Blond (6.5% alcohol) is a clear, sparkling lager of high fermentation, attuned to European taste and always good. It is characterized by the use of refined hops, giving the beer a slightly bitter aftertaste and a distinctively refreshing but fragrant aroma. END
BEGIN NOW "Opaque golden yellow with decent white foam head. Aroma is malty with some grassy tones. Taste is nice, alcohol and yeast are present. Ineresting explosion of flavors during aftertaste. Nice beer. (Velp 201306) " END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml bottle. Poured in the original La Trappe goblet a hazy orange-copper colored ale with a small one finger slight beige foamy head that had a short retention. Active carbonation. Some lacing. The aroma is moderate sweet grainy malts, fruits, bananas. The flavour is sweet malts, fruity, apricots, bananas, some bitterness. The mouthfeel is crispy, to note, the appearance of a slight sourness by warming. This medium bodied ale has a slight dry bitter finish. I attended more from an Authentic TRAPPIST Product!" END
BEGIN NOW "Poured into a large wine glass. Very bubbly, with rocky head. Pale amber / honey, with some yeast haze when finishing bottle. END
BEGIN NOW Fruity esters, maybe pear, pineapple, kiwi fruit. Cara/crystal malts, floral hop. END
BEGIN NOW Sweetish, perfumy esters, tropical fruit, touch of honeycomb, Very complex, with subtleties everywhere. Finishes semi-sweet, light bittereness, herbal aftertaste, light zing. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet, sour, & bitter. END
BEGIN NOW Medium body, finishes richly. END
BEGIN NOW Great beer, with a reasonably high ABV for a Blonde/BPA. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light yellow with a huge white head.  Mellow aroma of fruit and bread.  Flavor is sweet and light, but quite a terrific beer for the price.  Wish I could get it a little easier." END
BEGIN NOW "Very nice golden color. Much foam, but don't worry, it will dissapear quite fast. Tastes, like the Belgian beer, if you know, what I mean:) No really, it's the milder version of... well, for example Duvel... Really good beer. It's not as strong as usual abbey beer. but has the same taste and aroma buquet, so i suggest You try it." END
BEGIN NOW Dubbel' (7% alcohol) is a warm, ruby-red Trappist. This beer has a soft, fragrant, but above all refreshing, character. END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled in a flight @ The Hourglass Brewery in Longwood, FL.  This was one of my favorites of the day.  Flavors of caramel malt and bread, with a mild hop to offset the balance.  Creamy texture and feel.  Medium brown, cloudy appearance with a frothy off-white head....good lacing too.  I may try a pint of this in the future if I see it again. " END
BEGIN NOW "Comes out of the bottle a mouth-watering clear sienna with a fairly thick, if not very persistent, tan head. Malty aroma has subtle fruity and honey tones and a hint of brown sugar. Robust flavor fills the mouth with sweet malt, banana, caramel and honey tones swirling about. Smooth texture has a good amount of fizz and thickness, dancing down the pipes to the tummy. Good work, monks!" END
BEGIN NOW "Fantastic dark ruby clear color with brownish faom head, lasting and lacing to glass. Aroma is sweet fruit, berries and stuff. Taste is surprisingly not too sweet (I normally find the dubbels to be too sweet), some low bittersweet. Short aftertaste, again not sweet, some barley. (Velp 201209)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Not an exciting trappist ale, more of a middle of the road everyday belgian drink.  Smell has nothing enticing - no fruity aroma in all the bottles I've had so far.  More of an alcohol/chemical odor.  Taste is more on the beer side, less of the lush, fruity trappist fare.  It's a smooth, lightly carbonated, alcohol-tasting drink.  Fine for session drinking, but not something to sip and appreciate over an evening.  Just chug it down!  Go for the Quadrupel if you want to savor the elements." END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml capped bottle. Poured in the original La Trappe chalice a slight gushing and hazy oak-burgundy coloured ale with half a finger thin tan foamy head that had a short retention and tons of micro bubbles. Low carbonation. No lacing. The aroma is riped fruits, raisins, blackcurrants, pears, plums, spicy, cinnamom, nutmeg, toasted malts, some wood and molasses. The flavour is solid sweety roasted and caramel malts, notes of toffee, dark fruits, raisins, plums. The mouthfeel is tingling, silky and the alcohol prominent. This medium to full bodied ale has a dry sweety malts finish. An incredible feeling in the palate and a real and immediate warming effect. This ale is more sophisticated as it seems." END
BEGIN NOW 'Quadrupel' (10% alcohol) is the heaviest specialty from La Trappe. The taste is full, mild and pleasantly bitter. This beer is bottled by date END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out the color of maple syrup with a massive foam head. The aroma is mild but pleasant. The mouthfeel is rich and thick. The flavor is semi-sweet and complex and boy howdy the 10% abv warms up your chest." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a pretty persistent thick foamy light brown head. Has a dark cloudy amber appearance. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas are of earth hops and bready malts, slightly yeasty. END
BEGIN NOW Has nutty flavours and resin type hops with hints of caramel and toffee. END
BEGIN NOW Mouthfeel is warming and a bit chalky, medium bodied and fairly lively carbonation. END
BEGIN NOW Alcohol taste is pretty noticeable. END
BEGIN NOW Finish is a bit of mild bitterness. END
BEGIN NOW Wasn't really blown away but still a good brew." END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy darker ruby brown color with solid off-white foam slowly reducing and sticking to glass. Some fruit tones, but also caramel, still bitter and strong in alcohol. A good beer and the only Abbey Beer in Holland.  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "The aroma of bananas are very prominent!  Just pouring into a glass, the fruity smell just fills the air.  Looks great, mouthfeel pretty good, flavor, not as full as the aroma, but not a sloucher.  To me, the world's best beers are quadrupels, with authentic trappist quads like Rochefort 10 holding the top spot as the greatest drink in the world, this La Trappe does justice to the 'Trappist Quad' lineage. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Highly recommended for all beer enthusiasts to seek out and sample, and if it's on tap, drink it over anything else!" END
BEGIN NOW "dark plum-like fruit and brown shugar dminate the flavor and aroma of this smooth sipping quad.  a little alcohol warmth, but it's easy drinking for 10%.  nicely done...long time wish list cross off :)" END
BEGIN NOW 'Tripel' (8% alcohol) is a dark Trappist lager with a fruity, bittersweet taste. END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a huge frothy head and has a dark amber appearance. Leaves some pretty thick dirty lacing. Aromas of dark roasted malts, bready malts and earthy hops. Flavours of roasted malts, caramel and toasty notes. Some slight buttery hints. Medium retetntion, average carbonation. Not too bad but a little disappointed. " END
BEGIN NOW "Although bock's can be too sweet sometimes, this one is not. Nice caramel taste, nicely carbonated and good foam. Somewhat bitter aftertaste, good beer. Will drink again." END
BEGIN NOW "330ml bottle END
BEGIN NOW "When I'was flowing the beer, i saw  an amber red beer with a big Foam quite thick, smell like smoking barley. in tast, I had a good biterness and a little barley, it lacks depth, no enought aroma." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled on 3/13/2009. This Belgian Strong Ale pours a medium brown color from a 750ml corked bottle. Large to medium sized white/beige foamy head, with good retention and nice lacing. The aroma is caramel, fruity, some yeast and some banana. A medium bodied BSA. The malts are caramel and sweet, some banana and clove and bright yeasts. The hops are earthy and a touch floral. Nice balance. Decent carbonation. An earthy character emerges as this one warms. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is slightly sweet. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Not much to say about this beer. Its crisp and refreshing but lacks anything that would make you want to write something exciting. Very plain. Pale pour with little foamy head. Goes down nice but flavor is weak." END
BEGIN NOW "This isn't a bad pilsner, but it's also not a godsend for the style. The hops are noticeable, as they should be in a pils, but it's not overpowering. It's crisp, but slightly buttery and very drinkable. I tried this at a festival, but I'm sure that if I were to actually see the price tag on what I'd pay for it at the store, I wouldn't want to pay for it." END
BEGIN NOW "Always a beer that comes thru in the clutch when you need to turn to something always reliable.  Gold in color with a nice white head, aroma of caramel and hops but on a toned down level.  Very crisp on the tongue, flavor is clean and very drinkable.  I've never been disappointd by this brew." END
BEGIN NOW "Needed something clean to wash away the evil that was the Utenos Porter I had prior to this, and I have to say that this did a pretty fair job of getting the job done. A strictly "no-frills Czech Pils", but that's never a bad thing in my book. END
BEGIN NOW "Light gold color, medium white foamy head. Nice mildly hopped Pilsner. Some malts, but mostly mild hops in this beer. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is slightly bitter." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This has a malty, flowery aroma.  Pours a nice light gold with very little head.  Mouthfeel was fairly light with a overwhelming maltiness.  Has a bitter aftertaste.  " END
BEGIN NOW "I was a bit surprised at the paleness of this doppelbock. I know that the style can be fairly pale, but this is the first one that I've had that wasn't to lagers what stouts are to ales. A nice maltiness keeps this from being a total dissapointment, but I was expecting more after seeing the name." END
BEGIN NOW "Golden in color with a full white head.  Nice aroma with malt featured prominently amidst a decent floral hop bouquet.  Alot of body to this beer - almost like I wanted to chew the beer.  A metallic note was present and didn't dissipate, ruining what was a pretty decent balance of malt and hops.  Would like to retry sometime." END
BEGIN NOW "Pale gold color, large head. Light hops. Light malts. A fairly standard lager. Slightly malty, some hoppyness. Mild taste. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is slightly bitter " END
BEGIN NOW "A nice floral saaz hop aroma. Apperance is a dark golden color. Flavor is very creamy with a slight bitter taste and a good amount of malt. This is a very good bohemian pilsner right there with Budvar. Im shocked to the brewery is retired. Well hasta la vista Hradec Kralove you made a good pils!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Presentation: It was poured from a tap into a pint glass. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Appearance: The body has a deep dark, nearly opaque presentation with slightly reddish/purple hue. There is some visible carbonation near the edges of the glass. At the top there is sits a tall thick pinkish/tan head. It is long lasting and make for some great lace rings on the glass. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Smell: Its aroma has hints of raspberry, malt and some good funky yeast. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Taste/Mouth feel: The flavor has a nice natural fruity raspberry taste mixing with a lightly sweet malt that gives a nice balance to the slight tartness of the raspberry. The touch of yeast adds some light earthy/funk and complexity. Its medium bodied with soft lightly fizzy texture and carbonation. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Notes: I found this to have good balance of flavor and overall character. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "I need to stop trying me these fruity beers.  This is a red beer, but not a very clear beer.  The head was loose and white.  The aroma was definitely strong on the raspberries, so much so I was waiting for one to pop out of the bottle.  The flavour was alright, a little malt bite to go with the raspberry tartness." END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "This is delicious tangy beer. It Pours with a massive head that has real staying power! It has a slice a of sweetness with a whipped topping of bitterness with a side of tang! A lot of different flavours going on in this brew... Overall, a good buy but maybe it needs more ...funk perhaps, i don't know but it needs something... but i did enjoy it!  'shared with The Capitol City Goofball'" END
BEGIN NOW "375ml bottle END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "750 ml corked and caged bottle in a wrapped paper. Poured in the original Liefmans stemmed glass an unfiltered hazy and rich burgundy coloured Fruit Lambic with half a finger beige foamy head that had a minimal retention and tons of micro bubbles. Soft carbonation. Good lacing. The aroma is sour cherries, flowery, mint, candy, spicy, gingerbread, notes of honey. The flavour is heavy sweety-sourish cherries, candy, fresh herbs, mint, spicy, gingerbread,cloves, cinnamom, notes of wood and honey.The mouthfeel is slight crispy, light syrupy, a bit sticky and surprising, smooth. This medium bodied Fruit Lambic has a long sweety fruity and spicy finish. A surprising and bewitching Kriek from the famous beercity Oudenaarde." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Shared with PfoxyJohn after dinner. From his cellar/stash.  Pinkish ruby pour, bubbly head.  Cherries and berries, tart nose and flavor, light and refreshing, nice digestif. This is a happy beer." END
BEGIN NOW "brick red with a pick head.  a little bubbly, but still goes down nice n smooth.  one of the better, if not best kriek i've had.  blows the solid lindemans out of the water.  more tartness to do battle with the sweet cherries.  sour, oak, and cherry sweetness on the palate with a light but lasting finish.  really liked this one." END
BEGIN NOW "A hard pour scares up an almost three-finger thick, dirty, light tan colored head in my 25cl tulip glass.  The beer is a dark, red plum color that shows a brilliantly clear, ruby hue when held up to the light.  Aromas of cherries are noticeable as soon as I start to pour this brew; candied cherries in syrup, with a substantial fleshy cherry note and a touch of almond.  The cherry aromatics are nice enough, but definitely well on the sweet side of things and they completely dominate the aroma. END
BEGIN NOW A classic Belgian favorite. Black currants have been used for centuries as an ingredient in beers and liqours in Belgium and Northern Europe. END
BEGIN NOW "Tastes like wine and beer mixed together, smells like them too. Good sourness  mixed with a flavor profile that is far more complex and interesting than the rest of the line up if not quite as tasty." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle from the North Shore Kamloops BCLC. Fantastic of fantastic beer! Slightly sour, especially when first opened. Lots of purple colour, drank in a pint glass very "sacreligously"... some grape and some black berry and cassis. Very complicated but well organized in Aroma and in flavour. Much enjoyed, easy drinking, fruity, balanced but in no way felt "girly". Drank too fast for a good review.." END
BEGIN NOW "On tap! @ Knoxville BrewFest. Medium translucent magenta color, big bubbled head, dissipating to a constant white cap, delicate lacing.  Currant - grape and cherry berry aroma, sweet, slight zest, very slight floral and funk.  Refreshingly fruity (especially after several IPAs), nice blend flavor of grapes and cherries - the currants - then more slight funk, yeast and floralness, but mostly light fruits and berries. Tasty and satisfying for certain." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a nice dark cherry color with dark pink / purple head with lots of messy lacing.  The aroma is like rasberrys with hints of grape and other darker fruits. The taste is a fruity and easy to drink.  The mouthfeel sits light with a little lingering bitterness. The sweetness is balanced to perfection.  This is not only my favorite style of beer, the Lindemans are my favorite brands.  Never get tired of these beers." END
BEGIN NOW "An outstanding version of a fruit beer that is not beer.  Great dark cherry coloration, with lively carbonation and a fruity nose plenty of sweetness to go around.  A little goes a long way, so you won't feel bad about sharing you bottle with another. END
BEGIN NOW   " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Originally rated in 2011. Green bottle has a bottle cap and a cork, on top of having foil over them. Take a while to get through, but then you get a really fizzy carbonated hazy golden colour beer with a big head that stays a long time and leaves patchy lace. Big wood (oak) aromas with some sour citrus and notes of yeast. Wet mouthfeel with small tannins. The taste is pretty sour, but finishes quickly with the wood continuing a bit. I love gueuze lambic, but this one is a bit all-over and not well-balanced." END
BEGIN NOW "I must say that I should probably give this another try, because I am under the impression that the bottle I had was a bit skunked.  That being said, I can see why Lambic beers are brewed with fruit. Because I am not so sure this Gueuze style is where it's at.  The combination of bitterness, tartness and skunk spoiled this experience for me.  But like I said, I would be willing to give it a second try." END
BEGIN NOW "A sour beer from Lindeman's that let more of the lambic side of the beer shine rather than fruit and sweetness, not bad but not really my favorite of the Geuze's." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a golden body with a thick white head that quickly fades away. The head is very similar to champagne and there is also tons of bubbles that continue to develope like champagne too.  The armoa has a good amount of tartness/ sourness on the nose that hits you right in the face. There is also a fair amount of sweet fruit like bananas, peaches and even some green apple.  The tasete is like the aroma, the tartness/ sourness really are the defining part of the flavor. As the beer fades, the flavors start to become a little sweeter, but also very dry.  The mouthfeel has a large amount of carbonation that tingles on the tip of the tongue and the back of the throat as it goes down and is light to medium bodied.  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a large fizzy, foamy head. Heavy carbonation upon first pour. has a somewhat hazy appearance, pale to light amber colour, bit coppery. has a sort of cider type smell. Aromas of apples and pears. Very tarty mouthfeel, also pretty tangy. Hops and barley barely noticeable. Yeasty and tartiness in flavours. Bitter aftertaste. Not too bad." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Dark black ruby with light brown lacing lasting foam head. Nice strong bitter coffee aroma, therefor bit disappointing taste, little weak. Nice coffee aftertaste. Good beer. (Velp 201412)" END
BEGIN NOW "Excellent taste of smokey roasted malts, chocolate, licorice and dark fruits. Roasted malt and fruity aroma. Quality stuff at a good price which makes it easy to keep coming back to." END
BEGIN NOW "The one I'm drinking has a different label and is 8.8 abv. The aroma is of dark soil and pours pitch black with a thick tan head that lingers. The mouthfeel is solid. The taste is of rich malt and chocolate." END
BEGIN NOW "Chilled to about 15C.  Very smoky aroma.  Tan head that lasted several minutes.  Smooth in the mouth.  Strong flavours that seem to be overpowered by the smokyness.  I could taste a slight coffee/earthy flavour to it.  Not so bitter after taste.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Not good with a meal.  Probably good by itself or light snack.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark black/brown with an off white, 2 finger head.  Aroma is of roasted malts and alcohol.  i just could not stop sniffing this beer like it was cocain or something, somthing out of this world.  The body is very dark andalows no light to even come close to penetrating it.  taste is very exotic and is very typical of an extra, but this one takes it to another level.  Very smooth with a nice malty taste to it.  Finishes off with a taste that wants to give something extra.  Overall an excelent brew that is very suprising coming from a part of the worl not known for anything but crap beer.  This beer is absolutly delightful!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW In Spring and Summer, enjoy English Mead slightly chilled as an aperitif or over ice with fruits (apricots, peaches) or Cheddar style cheeses. END
BEGIN NOW "Well the poor reviews make me really sad that this was my first mead. pale yellow color with a very thin bodied (shocking given the 12.5% ABV) Very sugary sweet aroma of honey. The flavor was sweet and alcoholic almost like a liquor, with some clove, honey and light anise tones. A disapointment, but not bad enough to fully turn me off from the style." END
BEGIN NOW "Picked up a bottle from Whole Foods.  I have a romantic impression of the Middle Ages, so in the craft brew exploration trying health ale and now mead were always high on my must do list.  Mead is certainly an interesting drink.  A small bottle with a cork, more like a wine than a beer.  The color of this mead is like a white wine, light yellow.  The stropng scent of clover honey rises from the glass.  The body os light, like a wine.  I started out drinking this chilled, from the refrigerator.  At first it was too sweet.  So I let it stand to room temperature and added some nutmeg.  Actually isn't bad when paired with hard or semi hard cheeses like edam or cheddar, and crackers.  But my visit to mead-land ends tonight.  I prefer fermented grain to fruit or honey." END
BEGIN NOW "Light golden colour. Aroma of honey with some woodyness. Vinous flavour with honey and some warming alcohol. Quite light bodied. Mead I suspect, is not a drink for me." END
BEGIN NOW "It started out nicely. Nice floral aroma (I'd expect that since it comes from honey) The flavor was very mild, but really interesting. The only problem was that it was fairly sweet and got sweeter as it warmed up and I drank more of it until it became too cloying to finish. Possibly better if served colder, but then the pleasant aromas would be stifled. Very winelike (you think? It's basically honey wine afterall) with some definite alcohol notes in the nose but less present in the taste." END
BEGIN NOW "Ugh Ugh this one i didn't make it through, had to pour out the rest.  Aroma was of clover and honey.  Poured was tinted water.  Flavor was honey and something.  Very thin and i don't think it should be for a mead. Awful" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "2005 vintage: My first mead, since I haven't been able to find any until recently.  Served ~60'F.  Color is that of white grape juice.  Nose of honey with some grape accents and a trace of alcohol.  Thick mouthfeel, almost sticky. Very sweet, tastes like honey and grapes, a bit a medicinal and you can feel the alcohol in the throat.  The honey really lingers on the palate.  After warming the honey and alcohol become more pronounced.  Interesting drink, but not worth the price in my opinion.  " END
BEGIN NOW "My first mead so here it goes...nice; yellow; sweet; tastes like white wine, grapes, honey and some Christmas spice. Thanks to Clash for letting me sample this!" END
BEGIN NOW "My first mead. It hides the alcohol very well. Aroma was white grapes and very little honey. Appearance was a clear/yellow color with absolutely no head. Flavor was white grapes and honey but not as sweet as I had feared. All I could think was white wine the entire time. A very different drinking experience, but thus far Im not really into the mead style." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Clear, little hazy with small white foam head. Aroma is bit weak, normal ale. Taste is quite sweet for an ale, but then it has sugar added. Aftertaste is bit spicy, but again bit sugary. (Budapest 201302)" END
BEGIN NOW "The small white head disappears almost instantly.  It is a bit bitter in the mouth which is good for it as it has not much else.  Not much point messing about with it, you wont find anything interesting in the beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Took a Chaplain-sponsored trip to Israel to see Jerusalem, Bethlehem, Tel Aviv, and Haifa.  Managed to walk the stations of the cross, hang out on a kibbutz, and go for a float on the Dead Sea (yes, "on").   And whenever the padre wasn't looking, I'd snatch a sip of this decent brew.  Pale gold with a thin white head.  This beer even smells bitter. Fairly bitter aftertaste, too--but if you read about the Maccabees, maybe that's understandable.  A souvenir label sits in my collection as a reminder.  Beer = history in a glass.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle. Pale gold colour with a slim white head. Aroma is skunky with some malt. Thin with a malty taste and a light hoppy bitterness. A dry, rough finish. Not very good." END
BEGIN NOW "Light gold color, medium head. Light bodied lager. Mildly malty and hoppy. Crisp taste. Mouthfeel is full. Finish is crisp and slightly dry. Aftertaste is slightly bitter. Fairly standard tasting lager. Drinkable, but nothing special." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled (from CrackedKettle, old 7.3% version, had in 2009). Deep ambery golden colour with mediumsized foamy white head. Aroma is quite strong on malts, some slight fruity notes as well as alcohol. Flavour is fruity, a bit roasted malty with some slight caramelly notes as well. " END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml bottle. Poured a copper - medium amber colored beer with a two fingers white creamy foamy head that had a very long retention. Active carbonation. Great lacing. The aroma is mild grainy malts, a touch of caramel. The flavour is sweet grainy malts, floral hops, cooked vegetables, cabbage, hints of wood. The mouthfeel is creamy and thin. This medium bodied beer has a slight bitter finish. From smoke,as writen on the beer label, no dedected mark. Not so pleasant as attented." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear light yellow amber with a thin head and some lacing left.  Decently carbonated.  Sweet malts in the aroma with toffee and very slight smokiness.  Taste is smooth and the abv is well-hidden with sweet malts, a butter creaminess and a bit of earthy smokiness. " END
BEGIN NOW "I was wondering if Nessie was going to pop out of the dark bottle, then I realized, at 7.3%, highly unlikely Nessie would still be sober enough to do so.   Nessie pours a reddish gold colour into the glass, emitting off a nose of sweet malt, and sugar.  The flavour is mainly sweet malt, certainly not as sweet as other Schloss Eggenberg offerings" END
BEGIN NOW "not much on the peat-smoked malt in the nose or the flavor...and for that matter, it's not Red, as the label implies, but ever so slighlty redder than your average macrobrewed lager.  I can smell and taste the faintest of smoke, but only because i'm looking for it.  nice body, thanks to a respectable 7.3 abv, thicker than it looks and sweet, which ends up being the predominant factor in the nose and flavor as there is a complete lack of hop presence." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Very common bier in Belgium, one most likely drank by locals in Flanders. Nothing to write home about, served in .25 liter glasses, cheap and taste like it. Only taste is a bit of stale bread, and maybe a sour tang if the keg is old. Missitbrau if there ever was one, The Belgium Sham Adams." END
BEGIN NOW "This is the Bud Light of Belgium in my opinion.  Tasted like a typical light pils.  Lower in alcohol than most Belgian beers.  A good beer to drink all night." END
BEGIN NOW "This beer is an average pilsener with a yellow body - hue and a sweet initial flavor and a light body." END
BEGIN NOW "pale golden colour, the initial foam disappears very fast, very light hoppiness in the nose, sweet, light to medium-bodied, tart with a touch of bitterness, the finish is slightly dry but mainly watery - nothing to see here and I will take the freedom to dislike this beer." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Clear yellow with big white foam head lacing to glass. Aroma is bit sweet with some fruity tones. Taste is like a good strong high alcohol ale, bittersweet aftertaste, dry and long lasting (Velp 201208)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Incredible. Effervescent pour. Citrus and tropical aromas. Topped off with dark bottling yeast (accidentally) makes this beer look like a mai tai. Smell is of yeast spice an pineapple. Taste like a polynesian cocktail. Pineapple and vanilia and spice. Delicious." END
BEGIN NOW "Cloudy Straw colored.  Lots of bubbles pop out of the bottle on pour.  Impressive.  A big frothy white head rises robustly and forcefully above.  Great hang time with splotches of film and thin ringlet left behind. Sweet, citric, yeasty.  Big bite on palate.  I enjoyed it." END
BEGIN NOW "A very good beer.  Hazy yellow, huge white head, and it lasted.  Lots of yeast and spice in the aroma, while the flavour was light fruits, yeast, and a bitter finish.  Highly drinkable for a 10% beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled on 9/9/2010. This Belgian Strong ale pours a medium orange gold color from a 33cl bottle. Lots of suspend stuff in this bottle. Medium sized white foamy head with nice lacing and good retention. The aroma is fruity and sweet with some hops and yeasts. A medium bodied Belgian Strong Ale. The malts are fruity and sweet, lots of apricot and peach flavors. Bright yeasts. The hops are herbal and floral. Nice carbonation. I wonder if this is an older bottle, there is a whole lot of stuff floating around in this beer, but it does not seem to affect the taste any. Hides the alcohol well. Mouthfeel is ful and round. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is slightly sweet.  " END
BEGIN NOW A delectable blonde ale with sprightly fruitiness, soft malting, and a slightly dry, gently-hopped finish. A sparkling nose, complex flavors, and a touch of bitterness give this 6% beer all the refreshing qualities of classic Blonde ale. END
BEGIN NOW "Comes out of the tap a beautiful clear golden amber with a fairly thick and fine-bubbled pale buff head. Malty aroma has hints of butterscotch and yeast. Bold flavor starts with a slightly sweet malty core and adds notes of honey and butterscotch plus hints of yeast and hops. Texture is firm and smooth, if not too fizzy. A worthy Belgian." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a cloudy blond with no head to think of.  Decent amount of carbonation in the glass.  Bottle has a bit of sediment in the bottom.  Aroma is very sweet and typical of beer from the area.  Taste is full of bananas and bread.  Sweet through the ending.  Aftertaste is somewhat non-existent.  This is the beer style that a lot of American Belgian styles mimic. A lot have tasted the same and it is quite pleasant.  I like it." END
BEGIN NOW "Golden yellow white foam, sticking to glass. Nice bitter hop taste with some soil tones, quite carbonated. Aftertaste is an interesting one, it changes, but ending up with little bitter barley tones. Velp 201204" END
BEGIN NOW "For a Belgian, nothing really stands out here....still a solid smooth-tasting brew though.  Would be a bit steep for $3.25 retail, but got 1/2 off clearance sale figured worth a try.  Definitely was, and for $1.65 will see if they have couple more of these.  A nice blond, with some hop to it and some fruity background notes.  Cloudy blond to medium-yellow appearance with creamy white head.  Like a lighter version Urquel Hop-It." END
BEGIN NOW "Nice!  Pours dark golden yellow with a big white head.  Great lacing.  Aroma is yeasty and sweet with a bit of floral.  Flavor is also sweet with a bit of pepper." END
BEGIN NOW This golden-bodied triple is redolent with a festive sparkle, complex aroma, lush body and creamy head. Sweetness and fruitiness join hoppy spiciness in a balanced, long, warm finish. This is strong ale, but the balance, finish, and velvety smoothness make this 10% brew smooth and quaffable. END
BEGIN NOW "Clear amber appearance. Thin bubbly head lasts, lacing slides slowly back to the head to leave spots of lacing. Typical tripel aroma of spices and lemon.  Flavour also tastes of lemon and spices. Sweet malt, plus tart apples, fruity with a bit of sourness. Medium mouthfeel and easy drinking for 10% abv. Think this would go well with a nice meal." END
BEGIN NOW "I had this one down in the cellar for a couple of years, kept carefully, and now it's out to play. Pours golden brown, translucent, with thick and dense fluff on top that never really goes away. Aromas of banana, lemon, raisin, and apple: what's not to love? Sweet almost like a fruit juice, bready and appley with mellow yeast and a touch of banana. Super carbonated but soft rather than prickly, leaves lots of lace." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a deep blond with a one finger head that stay aloft for a bit.  Almost an excessive amount of carbonation coming from the bottom of the glass.  Aroma is strong of apple cider sweetness.  Taste is a tad like an ice cream cone, sweet cookie like feeling to the tongue.  Candy sugar is definitely in the taste along with other sweetness's.  The alcohol is very well hidden which make this one a dangerous treat. Overall a very well done brew." END
BEGIN NOW "Darker gold yellow color, amber even. Good foan head alsoe slightly colored, Sweet malt aroma, but later on nice bitter hop taste. Dry in the mouth and long lasting after taste, bitter. Good" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear coppery brown with a fluffy off-white head. Rich, nose-filling aroma is malty and spicy with hints of caramel and horehound. Lip-smacking malty flavor has caramel, spicy and honey tones. Lively, fizzy, firm-bodied texture leaves a fairly strong and persistent tingle. Look for this one!" END
BEGIN NOW As gold medalist in the Golden Canadian Ale category at the 1996 World Beer Cup, Griffon Extra Pale Blonde Ale has earned a place of honor among Canadian premium beers. Noted beer expert and author Charlie Papazian praised Griffon Extra Pale for its bright gold color, clean hop and malt flavor and "great drinkability". END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a pale blonde colour with a foamy creamy head. Quite active carbonation. thick lacing. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of malts and wheats, slightly grainy. END
BEGIN NOW Has much citrus flavours to it and it's slightly sweet. END
BEGIN NOW Creamy mouthfeel and a bit tingly. Pretty smooth going down, making it an easy drinking beer. Pretty good, prefer over the St Ambroise Pale Ale (both McAuslan)" END
BEGIN NOW At the World Beer Championship in 1994, St-Ambroise Oatmeal Stout received the second highest rating of the over 200 beers in the competition and won one of only nine platinum medals awarded. Brewed from 40 percent dark malts and roasted barley, this intensely black ale carries strong hints of espresso and chocolate. Oatmeal contributes body and a long-lasting mocha-colored head to this well-hopped beer. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a jet black with a smallish chocolate color head. Aroma is of burned malts and toffee.  Taste is pretty intense. Taste is of chocolate, oats, and toffee. Blended very well and it sits really well on the tongue.  Finishes off creamy wit only a tad bit of noticeable alcohol.  This is one hell of a stout." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a black hazy body with a head that is light brown and frothy with good retention along with good lacing. The aroms is dry and consists of coco, tobacco, a little bit of ash and a little bit of malty sweetness along with oats. The taste has the sweetness in the middle and then turns very roasty and dries most of the sweetness out with a slight linger of coffee. the mouthfeel is tingly carbonation on a medium body. Note Porters and Stouts are my least favorite style of beer." END
BEGIN NOW "6 pack. Colour - black, creamy light brown cap, good lacing.  Aroma - coffee, chocolate, some vanilla. Mouthfeel - full bodied. Flavour - chocolate milk with roasted coffee. Overall - I've always avoided this beer because I assumed it was crap, but this is far from crap, this is excellent." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a black color. Smell is dominated by roasted malts. Taste is kind of mild, roasted malts, some oats. Feels full bodied in the mouth and overall is a pretty good beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Woah. Nice looking beer. Extremely dark brown appearance with a thick, foamy brownish head. Aroma is of roasted malts, cocoa, and some spices, can't quite put my finger on. Tasting a bit of coffee and chocolate. A bit creamy and pretty smooth on the way down. I think the aftertaste is quite bitter, maybe a bit much. Still, not too bad!" END
BEGIN NOW St-Ambroise Pale Ale is the brewery's flagship beer. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a pale amber colour with a nice thick creamy head. Nice lacing. Good balance of hops and malts in aroma. END
BEGIN NOW Flavours are pretty much the same as aromas, with a bit of grainy taste and thick maltiness. Sort of spicy mouthfeel and some tingling on the palate.  END
BEGIN NOW Not bad, nothing outstanding for a pale." END
BEGIN NOW "A deep amber colored beer with a big frothy textured light beige head.  There was some retention.  A thick foamy ringlet is left.  The nose is caramelized fruitiness.  Fruity, grassy tasting.  Effervescent and crisp.   " END
BEGIN NOW "pours a crisp clean amber color with a big frothy off-white head, that retains really well and coats the glass with lacing.  The aroma is 0f a vibrant banana as I was pouring, but the actual aroma is quite mild overall after it settles. Mainly barley malt upfront, light fruity aromatics wade in the background, with peaches, apricots, and bananas. The malt profile is more doughy bread and butter than the usual caramel malt. Finishes with just the tiniest hint of grassy hops and honey.  The taste opens up with a big barley malt presence then moves to a maltier feel, with buttery bread providing much of the flavor, and honey doing the sweetening rather than just caramel malt. As it finishes a mixture of both pungent fruitiness and grassy hoppiness envelop the back of the palate. The mouthfeel has medium carbonation with a medium bodied feel." END
BEGIN NOW "341 ml capped bottle. Poured a clear dark amber-chesnut coloured A.P.A. with a two fingers beige creamy pillowy foamy head that had a very long retention and tons of micro bubbles. Soft carbonation. Great lacing. The aroma is faint caramel malts, mild fruity tones, grapefruits, apricots, citrus, weak hops. The flavour is caramel malts and a nice hoppy bitterness. The mouthfeel is creamy, light syrupy and smooth. This light to medium bodied A.P.A. has a dry slight bitter finish. A very easy drinkable A.P.A., on the soft way and very pleasant." END
BEGIN NOW "This was by far the least enjoyable beer from McAuslan. Seemed a bit skunky, but not just the one case, another case a month later too. Sweet start, slightly dry/bitter lager like finish. Seems to be some kind of germmannic czech hop in here doing a grassy herby reisin thing. Highly drinkable but not what I was even romotely expecting. Soon I may learn to move past so strong expectations and own my feelings allowing me to like this beer more, but also maybe not..." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "started drinking  McEwans IPA in 1967, loved it then still love it I thought it was bitter but I'm told its sweat, Today I bought a sweatish red wine, and was told it wqas one of the dryist.  I only know what I like and what it tastes like to me.  And I like McEwans India Pale Ale." END
BEGIN NOW "not a huge fan of this one.  i bought it out of respect for their scottish ale, which i like, but this one fell pretty flat.  tame for an "ipa" by any sane person's standards, boring to most." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Ahhh McEwans, we've met before but that was then, and this is now. I bought a couple sixes of this last winter for my neighbor (who is from Scotland) after he helped me out with some snow removal, I kept one for myself and gave it a try, and, well I didn't like it at all (I also didn't like Guinness then and wow did that change). Almost a full year later I have learned to appreciate good, flavourful beer so I figured I'd grab a six and give it another go. Pours a deep brown with red hues and a huge light brown head. I think I may have poured this one too vigorously as the head will not go away to allow me to sip the beer. Needless to say it has great retention and good chunky lacing. After 5 minutes or so the head has settled down to a couple inches or so. Aroma is slightly sweet with dark fruits, earthy, malty. Flavour is smooth and mellow, sweet malt, raisins or some other dark fruit,roasted, the alcohol is well hidden warming after you swallow. Mmm some coffee in the aftertaste pleases my taste buds. Mouthfeel is full with low carbonation. Solid brew, I'm happy to say my second tasting was much better than the first. I'll probably buy again sometime." END
BEGIN NOW "Dates and raisins all the way, the aroma bears daubs of white chocolate and the occasional tinge of soy sauce. This is among my favorite beers. Dark reddish-brown with pretty head and lacing. I've had other good offerings in the style, but the consistent quality of this brew leads me back to the same shelf time and time again." END
BEGIN NOW "This is one of my favorites so I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it until now.  Pours a dark reddish-brown with a medium off-white head.  Soft yet complex aroma of sweet malts, mocha, caramel and some fruits.  Tastes of sweet malts and dried fruits with a subtle smoky finish and a hint of alcohol." END
BEGIN NOW "Courtesy of philbertgodphry.  Pours a deep brown with a nice creamy head and tons of very nice lacing.  Some carbonation.  Aromas of roasted and slightly smoky malts, a bit of the peat, a wee hint of nuts, and Scottish sea air.  Taste is smooth and creamy with a great sweet malty base that hints of the peat and smoke style is known for - this is a great beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Smooth, creamy, smokey, malty - I could go on, but you get the idea.  This is a great beer - best with hearty fare if you're having a meal - Sheperd's Pie comes to mind." END
BEGIN NOW Some say that beer was introduced to the British Isles by the Vikings around the year 1000. It would be another 550 years before hops were used as a beer seasoning and another 100 years before their use was widespread. Melbourn Bros. has reintroduced really old-fashioned all-malt beers with their spontaneously fermented Apricot. END
BEGIN NOW "The flavor of this on surprised me in comparison to other ciders. This one is alledged by others to be sweet and fruity. I found it to be tart, made my mumps hurt. It reminded me of homeade suppernong wine instead of a sweet cider. Not bad, but surely not the best. I really did not recognize that is was apricot either." END
BEGIN NOW "An average pour produces a three finger thick, pale, cream colored head.  The beer is a pale amber, copper color that shows a brilliantly clear, full gold color when held up to the light.  The aroma smells of tart apricot flesh up front, but then gets a full, concentrated almost jam like, apricot character in the middle and finish that really dominates the nose.  Perhaps a hint of toasty grain is noticeable, but I may just be imagining this last bit.  Definitely a one-dimensional character to the nose. END
BEGIN NOW Melbourn Bros. fruit beers are spontaneously fermented. The beers are subtle with a refined flavor and character. END
BEGIN NOW "Drank during the 2009 FA Cup final, come on you toffees! fuck chelsea up!! .. . before i even open the beer, 1-0 everton, good start, just like this beer, Wonderful fresh strawberry aromas, with some light olde world wooden bucket and some very light musk .. .. Pours a dark pink-ruby colour, with a very respectable head ring, good swirls .. . Tangy and sweet, light light tartness, with a very pure strawberry flavour, medium finish .. . 1-1, just like the scoreline the beer evens out, very refreshing stuff!!A great strange little beer, that really isn't to involved but generally enjoyable.. . " END
BEGIN NOW "Ok, I didn't know exactly what to expcet. I knew it was a lambic, but was unsure from there. What a nice surprise. STRAWBERRY intenseness right off the top. Like smelling homeade strawberry jam. Sweet and tart, nice and mellow." END
BEGIN NOW "Foams up a bit out of the bottle when I pop the cap.  This pours into my 25cl tulip glass with a frothy, pale, off-white colored head.  The beer is a murky red color that shows a light amber color (makes me think of browned, oxidized strawberries) when held up to the light.  The aroma is unmistakably that of strawberry and is noticeable as soon as I pop the cap.  Not surprisingly nothing else is noticeable except for the strawberry notes; at least the strawberry notes actually smell like real strawberries (though notched up a few ratchets) as opposed to cheap extract. END
BEGIN NOW "I had forgotten that this was a "lambic" before I poured so when I got a whiff of the nose I cracked that little "oh yeah" grin.  The aroma is somewhat lambic in nature with clear strawberries present, but there is a very slight vinegary funk in the nose.  Appearance is light red/orange in color, sort of like a light tea.  Mouthfeel is nice, although not nearly on par with some of the better lambics floating about these days.  It's STILL has a nice feel in there with a bit of a puckering swish to it.  Flavors are slightly sour, like biting into an underripe strawberry (in the beer world, thats a good thing) but still hangs on to that acidic angle.  Finish is clean.  Overall, quite an excellent beer and one that I find could be consumed in large amounts during one evening.  I will be looking for this one again." END
BEGIN NOW "To get in the mood for this brew I wore leather pants and only did up the top button on my shiny shirt. Amazingly strong stawberry jam fumes made me drool instantly. Small thick head stuck around till i'd finished it and the beer was dark reddish brown and clear. Liquid strawberry jam that has a nice tart feel to it and smelt kinda like it was warmer than warm. The tannic after taste was excellent. A litre or two would've made for a better night; but I can just imagine the blinding crippling hangover the next day...oh, and waking up next to my wife still wearing the leather pants would've been an awkward moment..." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I had this at Cheddar's in Roanoke, VA.  Cheddar's isn't a "craft" scene establishment, and while I pretty much despise Mexican beers, this wasn't the worst.  That isn't sayin much and is a very low bar.  Crisp, clear, light yellow, light weight, slightly tinny in flavor" END
BEGIN NOW "Appearance is typical lager yellow. Aroma is malty and rather weak. Taste is weak, malty, and rather bitter; its flavor is more like that of a "lite" beer than a regular lager. Smooth but watery, it is barely drinkable and quite forgettable. Maybe the can affected it some - I have found that beers taste best on-tap, while bottles come second and cans are the worst." END
BEGIN NOW "A lime is a must like with most Mexican beers. It's bright yellow and the color and taste reminded me of corn. Pours a big thick white foamy head which never impresses me. Okay to dink at a Mexican restaurant but not  a beer to drink with a cigar." END
BEGIN NOW "Pack of 3-tallboys at a 7-Eleven, on Sunset Blvd. in L.A. on my first trip there. Getting ready to head out to the Whiskey-a-Go-Go on this Mexican swill. Sweet malty nose and very light corn. Tasted decent for a cheap lager at first (malty) but with time, the rusty water from the hop kind of turned me off. Gets kind of too sweet as well. Or maybe too thick for a swill. I've tried it, now I am good. Heading to the Rainbow as well. Come and join me." END
BEGIN NOW "pours pale yellow with good carbonation, but doesn't taste much different then other beers from this brewery.  Limes are a must, as is getting the beer ice cold before drinking.  Good on hot sunny days." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Now what beer doesn't look good (and pour well) in a Kwak glass? Nice bready aroma and taste. Color may be on of the lightest yellows I have seen. Head stciks around for a while then bales before the cumshot. A Pale Lager? I guess it means light lager. My favorite beer from Guatemala by far." END
BEGIN NOW Dark, refreshing beer with a distinct chocolate malt flavour and a smooth hoppy finish. END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a hazy gold with white head and good lacing. There was a nice mix of spice and sweet with neither taking over. The mouth feel was light which I though went well with the subtle blending of the flavors." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled with my brother brando for his first beer ever: Poured a gorgeous george golden orange colour, hazey like a smoke filled auditorium. Malty, spicey and wheaty all the way through as far as flavours go. Aroma is wheaty as well, bananna cloves and platanos. Alright. Listening to Bitches brew- Miles Davis" END
BEGIN NOW "Tis a decent brew. Mindful subtle hints of crispy coldness. Methinks I've had better. My taste buds are not used to these English suds. It's not like it doesn't make me want to quit drinking beer and switch to tea and triscuits, but this isn't really my cup of tea. I could get used to it, but I'm a not begging, these days I'm in the position for decision, and my first choice would not be this beer. Goes good with fish and chips, which I did have for lunch.." END
BEGIN NOW "(Cask-conditioned at Oliver Twist, Stockholm, Sweden) Amber with a small dissapearing white head. Sweet malty aroma with notes of green apples. Sweet malty flavour of toffee and pears with a unpleasant finish of sour green apples." END
BEGIN NOW "A very fine beer and one to keep in mind next time you dont wanna get whacked over the side the head by a big bold heavy hoped American IPA. A quite modest beer, hoped lightly but enough to make a point. Very mild but tasteful. " END
BEGIN NOW A strong, easy drinking northern ale, with balanced hops, fruit and malt and a long, lingering finish. Champion Strong Bitter of Britain award 1998. END
BEGIN NOW A tasty, complex beer with malt and hops throughout and a long, satisfying bitter finish. Well worthy of the title 'Champion Beer of Britain' award 1997. END
BEGIN NOW "Cask@GBBF2010. Clear amber colour with a small slightly off-white head. Aroma and flavour are both crisp crystal malty notes as well as caramel and mild chocolate maltyness. Also rather grassy and floral hopping and slight dried fruityness. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Every time I go to Italy, it is either this or Peroni that is the local draught.  Both non-offensive, but neither worth drinking.  The beer is a pale gold colour, clear, with a white head.  The aroma is grains, and weak hops, with plenty of adjuncts.  The flavour is typical of a North American pale lager with a grainy nature and plenty of off-notes." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light amber with a one finger head that takes its time.  Aroma is extremely skunky at first but tapers off a bit later.  Massive carbonation.  Taste is stake and metallic.  This is one dumb dago." END
BEGIN NOW "Amber color with fluffy white foam head. Sweet caramel aroma with some hops, taste is nice bitter, however some sweet fruity aftertaste. (Rome 201205)" END
BEGIN NOW "pour a dark straw colored brew with a small white head which dissipates quickly. Lacing is sparse and spotty.  The aroma is supremely skunky. with and even metallic yeast. The taste is of bitter malts which hit first followed by a sweaty, salty quality.  The finish is cooling and refreshing, with some light sugars to cut the initial bittering. The aftertaste breathes with more bitter malts, and light metallics. The beer drinks easily." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a light golden with a thick white head and some surrounding lacing. An aroma of bready malts, hops, lemon and citrus, bananas, and mild spiciness. The mouthfeel is smooth and rich. Flavors of bready malts, hops, lemon and citrus, vanilla, banana, and mild spiciness. Very good altogether.." END
BEGIN NOW Birra Moretti La Rossa is a double boch beer produced using high quality 100% malted barley, giving it a rich sweet taste and an intense fragrance of roasted malt. The amber colour that characterizes the beer, comes from kind of malt used in the recipe (malt is dried, roasted barley). Another key ingredients is hops, the variety used is particularly aromatic, giving a characteristic bitter aftertaste and a delicate fragrance to the beer. The Master Brewers advise a service temperature between 10deg and 12deg C END
BEGIN NOW "this poured with a nice foamy head with a dark red color.had a caramel sweetness to it with a malty aftertaste with lingered for a bit. my first dopplebock in a while" END
BEGIN NOW Named after an unusual, speckled, vintage MG car, Old Speckled Hen is a pale ale which owes its distinctive character and dry taste to a unique strain of yeast, first used in 1896.  The individual blend of flavours reflects skills developed across more than 280 years of independent brewing history. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a beautiful clear coppery-brown with just a little head. Aroma is strong and malty. Flavor is richly malty, with some hop bitterness, not complex but smooth and very satisfying." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours an average size frothy off-white head. Has a clean, light amber appearance. Dirty lacing. Aromas of roasted barley malts, caramel and light resin hops. Very light flavours of caramel malts, hints of toffee and mild spices. Medium bodied mouthfeel. Faint carbonation. Not bad." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear orange ruby with brownish foam head, lacing to glass. Aroma is sweet caramel with some barley and yeast. Taste is bit too sweet, low bitter. Short sweet aftertaste turning bitter in throat. (Barnsley 201208)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "poured a nice dark amber, with only a little head, that quickly disappeared.  It had an aroma of toffee and bitter hops.  Carbonation was a little week for me as was the overall taste.  Might be better in bottle or on draft in lieu of nitro can." END
BEGIN NOW "Been curious to try this for a while, and finally did.  Had the impression that it may be a little weak and sub-par for an english import...but this did not let me down.  Got better and better towards the end of the glass. And....was part of my 1/2 clearance bundle.  For a buck a bottle, I am running back to my local retailer tomorrow to buy a few more of these if still there.  One of the better ESBs out there." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Surprisely good, very similar in flavor to some Sam Adams seasonal blend. Was very carbonated, but all and all wasn't a bad drink." END
BEGIN NOW "This beer is full of preservatives (shelf life is 1 year, that is strange for a lager), quite ordinary in colour, pale yellowish. The head is unstable in spite of this beer being overcarbonated. Mouthfeel has a hops hint, finish is dry. Seems like the brewer tried to adapt a Russian beer to American Bud standard. What for?" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Intesting brew.  Different than a European Bock.  This has a Latin flare, and reminds me of the non-alcoholic soda called Malta.  Sort of on the flatter side for beer, with a balance that heavily leans towards the sweet malty flavors.  Appearance is dark brown with virtually zero head.  I only tried because was half off @ Winn-Dixie for $5 per 6-pack.  Was Buy One Get One Free before that, but really did not want 12 of these!  Worth the try I assume for the price, but really isn't that good." END
BEGIN NOW "A little change of pace, and decent overall. Pours a dark but clear brownish black colour, no head. slightly metallicy notes. almonds, sand and grass on the palate. " END
BEGIN NOW "Moza is Negra Modella's poor Guatemalan cousin - it has a similar taste though maybe it is a bit more bitter. That said, I think Negra Modella is pretty good (one of the best Latin American Beers). Moza is perfectly drinkable and I recommend it as a first or second choice with Monte Carlo if you ever find yourself in Gautemala." END
BEGIN NOW Murphy's Stout has been brewed to the same unique recipe since 1856. The ingenious floating DRAUGHTFLOW SYSTEM in the cans enables you to enjoy the creamy head of Pub Draught Murphy's from a can. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a black color with a ruby tint and a creamy white head. Aroma of roasted malt, coffee, chocolate and lactose. Taste again of roasted malt, coffee and chocolate. Smooth and creamy texture but light bodied. Roasted bitter finish." END
BEGIN NOW "Enjoyed a pint at Joe's Food Emporium, Wolfville, NS. Pours a huge thick frothy brownish head and has a dark brown appearance with light reddish hues. Aromas of roasted malts, light chocolate. Flavours of sweet and nutty malt, some light chocolate and roasted malts and earthy hops. Smooth and creamy mouthfeel. Fairly similar to Guinness, maybe a bit smoother." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a dark, but not black colour with mirco bubbles. I has a nice head that lasts half way through the pint. A very enjoyable beer that is light and tasty." END
BEGIN NOW "Unlike lenusik, I was never aware of a Guiness v. Murphys battle, because I had never seen this until I had had 500+ other beers.... go figure. Anyways, I agree, a bit less aroma, a bit more watery, but generally is pretty much exactly the same, in a side by side, Murphys appears to have a slightly darker head. Easy drinking though" END
BEGIN NOW "Murphy's was my first forray into the Pub Stout world.  It was nice and relaxed without any bite.  It laces well but falls fast.  It is creamy and sweet like a milk stout, with out the weird aftertaste.  It was virtually non-existant in Hawaii after many years of being ion the shelves until recently.  Available in a 4-pack like boddingtons this was a fine partner with a guitar and some close family and just drink the night away!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer at Alejandro's in Salem, Va.  Let's put it this way, it's a Mexican beer that went well with a burrito.  Other than that it's an unremarkable Mexican lager ... Meh. There are better options but it was the best option here." END
BEGIN NOW "355 ml capped bottle; as a 5.3 % ABV. Poured a clear ruby-brown coloured Amber Lager with a short one finger beige foamy head that had a mid-sized retention and tons of micro bubbles. Soft carbonation. Poor lacing. The aroma is light toasted malts, dried fruits, nuts and a similar sourish fruits feeling, even on a very soft way, as for a Belgian Gueuze, ( curious !). The flavour is mild toasted malts, caramel, mild dried fruits, nuts, almonds and a vague hoppy touch. The mouthfeel is round, quite smooth and the texture watery. This light to medium bodied Amber Lager has a dry malty finish. Surely more convincing by a sunny day on a Mexican beach as, tasted, here, by a cold day, in the Old Europe." END
BEGIN NOW "One of the richest tasting, most robust beers I tasted that evening in January in Houston. A complex beer, some caramel and chocolate flavors. Again only wished they had poured it in a glass. " END
BEGIN NOW "Comes out of the tap a barely translucent copper-brown with a decent pale tan head. Malty aroma has a fruity hint (but this might have come from the obligatory slice of lime). Flavor is better than I expected, malty and strong with a firm fruity undertone - quite tasty. Texture has good body and plenty of fizz. One of the best Mexican beers I have tried." END
BEGIN NOW "nice brown pour, with a small head, but nice aroma of hops and caramel.  nice carbonation.  This beer is easy to drink goes well with food or on hot sunny day." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "It has a nice reddish golden hue when poured with white head.  A good balance of malt and hops. But a bit on the sweet side.  I good Lager but a bit off the main mark of a Lager.  However I did like it a lot.. It could be a bit lower in price though for what you get." END
BEGIN NOW "This lager pours a yellow gold color from a 500ml bottle. Medium sized white foamy head. Aroma is fruity and sweet, touch of grass and some honey. A medium bodied lager. Malts are fruity and sweet, touch of cereal. Lots of fruity sweetness, as well as a lot of honey like sweetness as well. Hops are floral and earthy. A touch too sweet for a lager. The carbonation is wonderful, soft and full and sadly that is the best thing about this beer. A little watery and way too sweet for my tastes. Mouthfeel is full. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is slightly sweet with a touch of grassiness. " END
BEGIN NOW "Now this is some odd brew! Deep gold in color, with the aroma of honey. Very malty flavor, with a hint of honey in the finish. Thick stuff, with a thin head, 6.3%abv. Drink this one cold, it is an odd duck, but very enjoyable. Story is its made from a way old formula, and with the taste, I believe it! Not gonna find this one anywhere else but Neuzeller Kloster. No telling how it would be stateside, but here, worth the geld and the efforts to find it." END
BEGIN NOW "Actually,I like the label better than the beer. Says "Golden Abbot..the taste of paradise" Well,if this beer is "paradise",I'll just stay where I am. A shade or two darker than an avg lager. It is not rich,nor very malty as is claimed. Slightly sweet with a bit of a dryish finish. And at $3.50 a pint,definately overpriced. If you are a lager fan,I guess it's worth a try,just don't expect too much." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW The One and Only. END
BEGIN NOW "This is just another crappy macro brew. It's a frothy, mushy mess. Looks great... just like those grocery store tomatoes. Kind of tastes like them too. Don't waste your time. " END
BEGIN NOW "Happy hour special! This complimented okra, edamame and shrimp roll amazingly! Pretty dark brown rich color. Nice fruity taste with a very impressive after taste. I like this almost as much as I like Three Stars Brewery Brown Ale. Great choice on a Friday night in a posh place in DC!  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW If you haven't been on the NewCastle.com website, check it out. As a technology teacher, I'm impressed! Very Very cool! END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW http://newcastlebrown.com/" END
BEGIN NOW "Surprised I hadn't reviewed this. Reviewing a can to avoid light damage/consistency concerns. Reddish brown with a thin, dense cap that disappears quickly. Caramel sweet with a little lemony tart aroma, the latter of which diminishes, and something tinny. Sweetness on the tongue followed by wood, nuttiness, and a mildly bitter yeasty bread flavor; not very bold or interesting, but beating the big name lagers. Thin, wet, carbonation too large. Surprised to see some lace. Easy to consume with food, which most do. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW (On another occasion: After consuming something sweet and tart, I notice a certain grapey-ness to this, maybe even a hint of that wild muscadine gasiness. Gives me a new appreciation.)" END
BEGIN NOW "Dark ruby with brownisch foam head lacing to glass and long staying. Aroma is yeasty and barley, some sweet. Taste is bit too sweet, aftertaste is long and turning more bitter at the end. (Barnsley 201208)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "It pours like the name says brown, with a nice off-white (tanish) head, that quickly disappeared.  it has a nice mild aroma with a trace hint of nuts to it.  Overall a nice drinkable ale with a slight caramel flavor.  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pale yellow color. Quite a lot of foam, but it dissapears fast. Aroma is nicely hoppy, but little bit weakish. Taste is quite crispy, but at the same time little bit sweet. Not bad, but just a little bit plain for me." END
BEGIN NOW "What more can really be said about this one? It's a typical pale lager with the pale yellowish colored pour, a weak initial head that fizzles out and doesn't lace. The aroma is sloppy corn and adjuncts. The flavor followed suite, and was your typical sloppy malt heavy pale lager with a lingering unclean adjunct aftertaste. Another country in the passport, tick, tick, tick!" END
BEGIN NOW "Never thought I would have a beer from Montenegro. Aroma is of some slight saaz as well as some malty sweetness with some very faint cardboard and some musty sweetness. Appearance is a pilsner-gold in color when held to the light with a medium-sized head on top that is fuzzy and a bleach-white in color that adheres to the glass when it diminishes leaving a fine layer of of fuzz on the glass. Mouthfeel is light-bodied with some decent complexity and balance with a pallette that is crisp and clean and pretty sharp. Flavor is of slight hops as well as some malty sweetness with an aftertaste that is clean and crisp like a pilsner should be and has a finish that is sweet as well as malty and a tad dry-like. Overall, I am actually surprised with this brew, seriously, and is a easy-drinking lager beer that I would go for again. I actually recommend this one if you see it somewhere.   " END
BEGIN NOW "This bottle may be past it's prime, I see a date of 6/24/07 on the label so it's a year old at best.  Dark gold pour with a 1" thick head and blanketing lacing.  No real aroma to speak of, neutral to the nose and very faint.  Medium bodied with a strong, funky bitterness.  Stale, offensive aftertaste that is really distracting.  The stinging hops overpower the pale malt.  This may be too old to be worthwhile." END
BEGIN NOW "Canned. Yellowish golden colour with mediumsized white head. Aroma is malts, hay and some mild sweetish notes. Flavour is malts, hay, grass and some sweetness. Quite refreshing. hayish aftertaste. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle, so hard to tell color and foam. Not bitter, more sweet, with earthy tones, drinking down easy and somewhat flat. Watery is more preceise description, would love to see this in a glass ones. No lasting taste. (Velp, 201204)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear yellow in color with light amounts of visible carbonation. The head is a small and white which reduces to a very thin layer over the entire surface of the beer with a thicker ring at the edges of the glass. Light lacing is observed.  The aroma is bready and adjunct malts with some hints of corn and grain. Very little hops and a pretty sweet smelling beer.  The taste is sweetness from the adjunct malts with a strong corn (almost corn syrup) flavor and very light bitterness in the finish.  The mouthfeel is light bodied with moderate to high amounts of carbonation. Sampled this at World of Beers." END
BEGIN NOW "Bought at Lukas Liquor in Kansas City .. . Pours a deep yellow, light foam .. . hay, dead and dying grass, and skunk .. . gas powered computer .. . refreshing and nicely bittered, would be a whole lot better if the ukraine wasn't 6000 miles away .. .  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW i don't care how hungry i am but i will not eat poop meat!" END
BEGIN NOW "Canned (thanks T.B.!). Pale golden colour with small foamy white head. Aroma is vegetables, some slight grainy notes, mild rubber as well as some slight diacetyl. Flavour is being quite similar with some strange sweetness as well. Not the worst Ukrainian I have had, but probably not going to drink this again either... " END
BEGIN NOW A traditional product of Okocim Brewery, famous for its deep, dark red color, high percentage of alcohol and rich blend of various kinds of malt and hops. These are the qualities which combine to make this strong. "Stark"-type of beer with a full bodied, wine flavor and distinct scent of honey and hops. The special technology of its production is based on traditional brewing recipes. END
BEGIN NOW "500ml bottle - END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled on 1/30/2009. This Baltic porter pours a deep brown color from a 50cl bottle. Small to medium sized tan foamy head. The aroma is chocolate and roasted malt, touch of coffee. A medium bodied Baltic Porter. The malts are roasted and chocolate, with dark fruit and some vanilla. The hops are earthy and floral. Nice balance. Lively carbonation. Nice chocolate flavors, but a little sweet for my tastes. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and crisp. Aftertaste is sweet. " END
BEGIN NOW "I sampled this one after sinebrychoff and i prefered the okocim. The aroma had alot of fruit notes along with the toasted malts, and chocolate. Flavor was similar to the aroma with the sweet fruit, chocolate, and coffee finish, very smooth despite the high alcohol content. Overall it was a very fine porter thats worth a try." END
BEGIN NOW "Presentation: It was poured from a brown, 1pt.0.9floz. or 500ml bottle into a pint glass. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Appearance: The body has a very dark brown color with some lighter brown highlights. Its head builds up thick and slowly settles down to thin cap that hangs on to the last sip. The head is tan in color and makes nice slippery lace that slowly slides down the glass as I drink. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Smell: Its aroma is strong and has a heavy sweet and fruity malt character with a very noticeable alcohol presence in the nose. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Taste/Mouth feel: The overall flavor is very sweet with a sticky, almost syrupy texture. Sugary sweet malt with dark caramel, molasses and toffee notes dominate its character. There is a very noticeable alcohol presence in the flavor and notes of cherry cough drop with some mild herbal and leafy hops. Any bitterness from the hops is overpowered by the extremely sweet malt however. It finishes slowly with its malt lingering on the palate. Carbonation is moderate to average and it's about medium bodied. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Notes: Its overall drinkability for me was low due to its unchecked and unbalanced syrupy sweetness. The alcohol had some ruff edges as well; still this is a very interesting brew. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "A porter with a kick.  Wow!  Everything typical porter (dark chocolate color, malt-caramel taste.)  And that's where the stops.  A strong alcoholic taste sets it aside other porters and stouts." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "this one poured a hazed amber. Slightly smoky aroma of wet grass/leaves. Fine bubbles. mouthfeel is full and round. Caramel and hearty bread malts dominate but not too sweet. Notes of applesauce and very mild hops. Dull tasting finish" END
BEGIN NOW "Dark orange amber color. Small sized white foamy head. Aroma is malt, wood, caramel, smoke and peat. A medium bodied English ale. Malts are biscuity, peaty and oaky. Hops are understated, slightly spicy and mellow. Nicely balanced. A nice sipping beer, savor the aroma and the subtle flavors slowly. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and sweet. Aftertaste is slightly sweet. " END
BEGIN NOW "Well, in light of my (perhaps deserved) reputation for being rather long-winded in my circumlocution while reviewing beers, I'll cut right to chase with this one, my friends. This is a "fine" English Ale, that doesn't really excite me, to be honest. I'm slightly ashamed to say that I have a distinct feeling of "who cares?" when it comes to beers like this. Here's why. END
BEGIN NOW "A dark brown appearance with a moderate beige head. A very deep caramel and chocolate aroma. The flavor has a huge amount of nutmeg and caramel. The palate is a little thin with a sweet aftertaste. A good beer." END
BEGIN NOW "The aroma is sweet and fruity with some hops and malts. The appearance is a medium brown with haze with a off-white head that diminishes but sticks to the glass. The mouthfeel is somewhat light bodied with much complexity and balance. The flavor is somewhat bitter and sweet in the aftertaste and wet on the pallet with some malt. Overall, pretty good but could be a bit stonger. " END
BEGIN NOW Red Macgregor is a unique beer: delicate and sophisticated yet the robust cask conditioned version of this beer was the first Scottish beer to win the BIIA World Cask Beer Gold Medal. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a semi-cloudy red amber with a one finger head that disappears quickly.  The carbonation is noticeable in the glass.  Aroma is of bread dough and sweet malts.  Taste is dry and metallic with hints of malts and rye.  Finishes off very dry.  Orkney Brewery has some solid brews but I find this one a tad lacking." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a medium tan brown .. some light lacing .. caramel, butterscotch and soil .. decent brew .. . My friend said to me, "I think the weather's trippy." I said, "No, man, it's not the weather that's trippy, perhaps it is the way that we perceive it that is indeed trippy." Then I thought, "Man, I should've just said, 'Yeah.'" END
BEGIN NOW "A brownish copper colored body.  The head is moderate in context, a fluffy white, that settles quickly into a soapy ring.  The aroma is sweet and floral.  It is moderate in body and sweet on the palate.  The malt is evident in the taste and there is nicely blended background of hoppiness. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a deep reddish amber with a frothy light tan head with massive lacing.  Good carbonation.  Aromas of toasted malts, sweet caramels, toffee, very slight smoky peat and an ample supply of hops.  Taste is potent yet balanced with a sweet, toasted maltiness and a medium hops bitterness.  Loved it.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Cask (return system) at The Abbotsford, Edinburgh. Copper to chestnut coloured beer, moderate head. Lovely malty aroma with loads of butterscotch. The flavour is malty with plenty of caramel and some butterscotch, low bitterness. END
BEGIN NOW Rerate: 500 ml bottle, courtesy of Cardinal Pub & Bar, Stavanger. ABV is 4.0%. Copper to mahogany coloured beer, big off-white head. Pleasant aroma of lightly toasted malts, caramel and floral and fruity hops. The flavour is first very malt-accented with caramel and biscuits, then spicy and moderately fruity hops come through, leaving a nice bitterness in the aftertaste. Definitely a good Scottish ale this one." END
BEGIN NOW Skull Splitter is our strongest ale: which is named after Thorfinn Einarsson who was the 7th Viking Earl of Orkney. Sophisticated, satiny smooth with a deceptively light character, it is a tribute to our colourful forbear. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out clear brown in color with a massive foamy lingering head. The aroma is not blended well enough to hide the alchol. The mouthfeel border line thick. The taste okay just not very pronounced. This beer is not very deep or complex. It's not but but not interesting enough to try again for the third time." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear dark brown with no head to think of.  Lots of tiny bits floating around in there so it make me think it is unfiltered.  No carbonation what so ever.  Aroma is very sweet and roasty.  Taste starts off as a malt bomb then hits with a decent bozzyness after a few seconds.  Dark fruit sweetness reminds me of dates.  Finishes off like you just had some gummy bears a few hours before.  I like it." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "a little on the vegetal side (maybe old) but otherwise a pretty good, clean lager.  last of the beers of the world sixer i fashioned for myself in santa rosa." END
BEGIN NOW "From 99 Bottles of Federal Way, WA.  Poured a clear light-to-medium gold beneath a smallish white head.  Aroma was oddly sweet, spice maybe?  Tasted better than it smelled, like an average  pale lager.  Mouth and finish were average as well, but by no means a repulsive swill.  I'd drink this again in a pinch, with no objections.  " END
BEGIN NOW "A light, clear yellow bodied beer.  A medium sized sized foamy white head with no hang time.  Settles quickly into a soapy film.  The carbonation is intense.  Kinda fun watching the bubbles rise to the top. A lot of sweet malt with citrus notesin the smell.  The malt and bittering of the citrus dominate the taste.  Clean crisp mouth feel.  Actually went well with my fish and couscous dinner " END
BEGIN NOW "(Pacena Centenario). Golden colour, mediumsized white bubbly head. Cooked vegetables and malts in the aroma. Flavour is sweet malts with some very leathery hints. I have had way worse tropical lagers than this one. " END
BEGIN NOW "I know I've said this with some of these recent swills, but this one poured with really the least color I've ever seen. There was a somewhat stable pillowy head that kep this one from being totally ugly. The aroma was of sweet grains and corn. The flavor was sweet and spicey, the latter very unexpected. Unfortunately, rather than just being your every day corn swill, this thing had a nasty band-aid like aftertaste that killed it. Mouthfeel was about average for the style, a touch thin." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "run-of-the-mill. Slightly more malty and hoppy than some Mexican beers. yellow amber color with a little short lasting head. I thought it a bit watery." END
BEGIN NOW "Another ruin of the mill Cervaza . Pours medium yellow with thick white head with  aroma of corn and malt. Like all Mexican beer just add a wedge of lime to it and it's drinkable." END
BEGIN NOW "light color, not much aroma. decent flavor if you like a skunky bavarian flavor. First tried this because it was in the top ten on another beer list. Better than Corona but still a very average beer. Not bad for the price." END
BEGIN NOW "This is solid Mexican beer. It pours thick and golden with a frothy head. Get past the typical mexican beer ass aroma and this is good stuff. Cereal grains predominate. Add some lime and you have a really nice beer. " END
BEGIN NOW "Nose is minimal, grass and perfume hops notes, lavender or dissipated sweet-tarts. Average to poor head sits atop pale gold body. Watery mouth. Not much flavor, a little pissy, grass and skunk with some flavorless bitterness. Has perhaps a touch more character than Carona." END
BEGIN NOW Paulaner Salvator, with its strong, typically malty flavour, is what you could call the "original" Paulaner. The bottom-fermented "Doppelbock" beer combines the finest hops and dark barley malt. The Paulaner monks used to drink Salvator as a food substitute during Lent. The most famous master brewer was Frater Barnabas, who took over the Paulaner monastery brewery in 1773. His original recipe remains practically unchanged to this day. In order to preserve the original, Paulaner registered the name "Salvator" with the patent office in 1896. END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is malty with a fruity undertone and just a hint of spice. It pours a clear cola brown with a respectable light tan head. Flavor is quite strong, malty with undertones of spice and apple. Texture is fairly smooth and tingly, and it has a fair amount of body. Definitely worth seeking." END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer at at German resturant in Milwaukee.  This was a GREAT beer.  It was a strong bock for sure, but the alcohol, at 7.5 was really hidden.  A supremely balanced beer.  Nice malt profile - smooth beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Oh, how far we come... my first DoppelBock was a very long time ago, and made by Molson. It was horrible. the worst beer I'd ever had for a very long time. Maybe still.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW And now this. Deep, hazy orange. A ring of foam with a touch of carbonation. Decent aroma: brown sugar, candy, malt.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Malt in the taste, and fairly sweet. Smooth, and no hint of alcohol, except in my stomach. Some dark fruit, a little caramel. A quality made brew, even if it's not my favorite. " END
BEGIN NOW "Clear ruby color with light brown foam head, sadly enough fast completely disappearing. Aroma is malty caramel as a bock should be. Taste also is as expected. A good decent bock, not too sweet, but also not outstanding. (Velp 201210) " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a hazy brown hue with a off-white head that quickly dissipates into a wispy lace leaving a semi-trail down the glass.  The aroma is malty caramel aroma with a general sweetness in the background.  The taste is smooth malty and caramel that is slightly sweet but masked well with the hops.   The mouthfeel is heavy body and medium carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I like NA's, call me crazy (my friends all do) but sometimes a low alcohol can be very satisfying! Pours a light golden colour, some foam but just under decent for a german NA .. a good clean taste but really could be better, there are better reduced alcohol beers out there.. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Not exciting, but drinkable and worth sampling. Appearance is typical clear lager-yellow. Aroma is strongly malty with yeasty overtone and a hint of fruit. Flavor is mainly malty, but it has a strong hoppy undertone that lends a little pleasant bitterness. Finish is smooth, a teeny bit on the thin side but still a good call." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear bright yellow with decent white foam head. Aroma is nice hoppy. and tast is good. Perfect bitter and little barley. Nice beer. (Hoek van Holland 201308) " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased on my trip to Nashville in a one pint can. Pours a clean golden colour with a white head. Foamy with decent retention and very dirty lacing. Very light carbonation. Fresh grain scent with nice pils hop. Good bitterness with grass notes and some mild grain. Not a bad Euro lager with a nice creamy mouthfeel and pretty refreshing. " END
BEGIN NOW "Another taker for the Trader Joe's "mystery bag." Slightly skunked smell (green glass). Not bad all things considered. Strong smell and taste of malt. Leaves a bit of a sour aftertaste. " END
BEGIN NOW "Yeah, I was reeled in by the Trader Joe's deal too.  Not horrible considering the price.  There isn't much I can add other than it seems to present itself as pretty solid, low-end staple beer.  An adequate, understated beer for get-togethers.  " END
BEGIN NOW "I really didn't expect much from this -- especially considering that the sample I purchased from Trader Joe's for $0.50 was obviously a heavily abused and dented can. But considering I was already picking up the equivelent of 2 six-packs of singles, an extra dented can of Euro-swill can't hurt, eh? END
BEGIN NOW "Light gold color, medium head. A lighter tasting, mild flavored pilsner. Taste is smooth, light malts and hops. Mouthfeel is crisp. Nice balance. Finish is smooth and clean. Aftertaste is slightly bitter." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy golden yellow with lasting frosty white foam head. Aroma is little hoppy, little barley. Taste is not like a tripel, but dissapointing. Aftertaste is dry, bit bitter. (Velp 201302)" END
BEGIN NOW "C: cloudy gold colour, thick white head, some effervescence END
BEGIN NOW "straw-colored, it has a large creamy head, smell the perfume of our grains, and a sense of how Alcolea (strong). the palate is light and strong is the alcohol content, which gives its robustness, it has a good char. it's good but it's strong 7.5% alcohol, you drink not liters." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a hazy apricot color with a thick white head and some upshoots of lacing. The aroma is of tart apples, sour grapes, oranges and tangerines, fresh breads, and light yeast and spiciness. The mouthfeel is smooth, thick and rich. Flavors of bready malts, tart apples, hops, oranges and citrus blends, sour grapes, light bitterness, and yeast and spices. Mmmm...very good!" END
BEGIN NOW "pretty cool...light refreshing tripel.  not heavy handed on the yeast and spiciness, which i liked, but enough going on to be more than a one trick pony.  i'd buy again." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "A friend brought this back for me on a recent trip to Peru. Pours bright golden, little white head. aroma is of grain, wheat and pears. Sort of citrusy and a little salty. your typical foreign pale lager. Thanks Alyssa!! :)" END
BEGIN NOW "Wait a minute...who substituted Michelob Ultra for my Peruvian Pilsen?  No, that's not right...it's even lighter than that.  Perhaps it's just meant to be a South American imitation of Perrier.  That certainly would explain this anemic, almost crystal-clear color and soapy white head.  Aroma is faint, slightly malty, and not unlike a typical American light beer.  Mouthfeel and taste?  I guess I've actually got to try it to give an accurate description, so hang on a sec...  Mouthfeel is mostly carbonation; sort of club soda-ish.  Speaking of soda, as soon as you take a sip, this stuff instantly turns into a mouthful of suds!  Taste is, well, kind of absent.  There is a little citrus twang going on, but not much else.  On the upside, there's not any of the skunkiness that other BeerPalians have detected." END
BEGIN NOW For more than 160 years, Pilsen has produced the bottom-fermented pale lager Pilsner Urquell, which, due to the quality of the raw materials, water, own brewery east culture inherited know-how and experience of many generations of Pilsen brewers and its specific production processes has gained an inimitable flavour and quality. END
BEGIN NOW "Slightly darker than the usual pils color with a light head , a little more malty than you'd expect from a pils but still retaining the hoppy freshness at the same time." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a golden color. Smell is of malts, grains. Taste is refreshing, malts, sweet, some grains. Feels medium bodied in the mouth and overall makes a great session beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear darker yellow with decent white foam head lacing to glass. Aroma is nice bitter with some hints of sweetness. Taste is pilsener straight forward and one of good quality, nice bitter aftertaste. (Velp 201209)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a nice golden color with good carbonation leaviung a nice white head, good lacing and loads of bubbles.  The aroma is a nice floral, grassiness with grains, some biscuit and perhaps a tad bit of corn and light caramel or honey?  The taste is a nice grainey note with some baked bread, grassy hop notes a little hop bite.  The mouthfeel is a light body, well carbonated, lingering hop bitterness with a nice sweetness. " END
BEGIN NOW "I like this with chinese canadian food. Normal standard international lager, just more crisp, dry and with a touch of a bite from an acid. Hops are green and straw and hay. Ok to drink once in a while with said chinese food but otherwise best left on the shelf. Cracker like malt structure. This is the first beer I liked when I was 15" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a very cloudy light yellow with no head to think of.  Pours fizzy like a soda.  Lightly carbonated.  Aroma is malty with a slight lemon/banana backing.  Taste is fairly basic with hints of malts.  A little lemon pucker but that is it.  Uninteresting and bland." END
BEGIN NOW "Decent hefe with the requisite banana and clove aspects of the nose and flavor, but a little too thin and overly bubbly for my liking.  Othewise ok, but that does away from the overall." END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy, cloudy whitish yellowcwith decent fluffy hite foam head. Aroma is bit weak, barley with citrus. Taste is goiod weien, but nohing outstanding. Almost no aftertaste. (Velp 201305" END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer at a farmhouse style resturant in Brooklyn, NY (right by the new Nets arena).  The label said "Pinkus World's First Organic Brewery Hefe-weizen."  I assume this is the same beer.  In short, I personally did not enjoy this beer.  It was tart and sour as opposed to citrusy and wheaty.  I think this missed the mark of the style completely." END
BEGIN NOW "Not my favourite wheat beer.  One of the cloudiest beers I have ever tried as well, pouring a cloudy yellow with a white head.  Wheat malt and cloves dominate the aroma while the banana notes were more noticeable in the taste." END
BEGIN NOW In the area of Poperinge, which is a little town in the west of Belgium, harvesting hops is a main industry and art. In the local dialect hommel means hop and therefore we have used the dialect to give our product a name: Poperings hommelbier. In order to brew this beer, we use a blend of 3 types of hops. In addition, the presence of hops in the beer are strong, enhancing its flavour and refreshing, slightly bitter taste. Hommelbier is a beer with secondary fermentation in the bottle. Therefore, a layer of ferment is still present at the bottom of the bottle. This beer has a unique distinction of being a completely natural beer. END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Light gold in color, very little head.  Not much in the way of aroma or taste--some sweetness, grain and corn.  For a light lager, this is pretty average." END
BEGIN NOW "No rotten veggie smell here, just some slight metallic with grain notes. Light clear yellow body, lots of carbonation, pillowy, fizzy head, leaves some o.k. lace. Flavor is grain, faint hops, metallic presence. Another central american pilsner, a tad below that average however." END
BEGIN NOW "Yellow colour, small white head. Rotten appleish and saltwatery aroma. Flavour is a bit rotten fruits, sour apples and some hops. Watery and not very interesting. New country though..." END
BEGIN NOW "Too funny, dry rotten vegetables, says Bov.... Well, I didn't have the word "dry" in my thoughts, but rotten vegetables is exactly what I thought when I smelled and tasted this one. These odd-ball country beers. They're so bad. Very nice pillowy and fluffy head (very nice) on top of this crystal clear pale golden macro-looking body. The head and lacing were by far the best of this one. If a nice head and lacing denote a very nicely crafted beer..... someone is lying to you. This one looked fantastic, ESPECIALLY within style. It was worse than Budweiser, though, and I flat out poured this after it crossed the 50F mark in temperature. Too limited a liver for this kind of stuff." END
BEGIN NOW "dammit, must have gotten a bad bottle, wine like smells, lots of sediment, tart but kinda drinkable....i think i'm dying....this is to weird, no more please! never again and i don't care!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I think I had to have gotten a bad bottle of this. I literally only took two drinks fo this and threw the rest out. There was little to no head. Brown color with a molasses aroma. Taste was like dirty water with molasses mixed in. I noticed the date printed on the bottle was a couple years back so I think I got a bad bottle. " END
BEGIN NOW "Deep gold color, medium head. Medium to full bodied lager. Very malty, yet very smooth. A blend of 4 malts. Somewhat sweet, yet there is an undertone of roasted malts and a little caramel. Complex flavor. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is smooth. Aftertaste is slightly bitter. " END
BEGIN NOW "Artificial looking, fizzy carbonation.  Hazy copper color.  Skunky bready aroma.  After drinking I realized the label was dated 12AUG02.  I may have to try a more modern one!  Start is thin.  Tastes sweet, fruity, a little grainy, wheat, and a little bitterness in the end.  Label says it's made with 4 different malts, which seems to add to decent malt characteristics in this beer.  Not bad." END
BEGIN NOW "This beer was a little bit different than I expected. It had a nice golden color and a slightly hoppy aroma. The beer was pretty dry with a very flowery-hoppy taste. " END
BEGIN NOW "Is it a beer? Is it a water? Who knows... Better luck next time, but this beer I would not recommend to anyone..." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is malty, smoky and slightly yeasty with a good undertone of fine coffee and molasses. It pours a dark chocolate brown with a thick pale beige head that is fine-bubbled and fairly persistent. Flavor is malty and mocha-ish with just a whisper of sweetness. Texture is smooth and lively though not as thick as that of some other stouts." END
BEGIN NOW "Wish List beer (marks Sweden off the map). Bottle from Belmont Party Supply, Dayton, OH. Black brown pour with a very compressed tan head, nice droopy lacing. Rich roasted malt aroma, lots of molasses, slight sweet creamed coffee, earthy and tasty.  Nice Baltic Porter with a rich mouthfeel and flavor. " END
BEGIN NOW "2010 bottle. Pours a semi-transparent red/brown with a one finger cream colored head that goes down fast.  Noticeably carbonated.  Aroma is down to earth sweet. Taste is malty and creamy. You can detect some noticeable alcohol in this one. Sort of on the bland side but makes up for it with its texture.  In the end it is nice and sticky with a slight burn in the gut.   Over all a pleasant brew." END
BEGIN NOW "Opaque black, sweet aroma. Bittersweet char & cherry flavor. Not complex, but pleasant and smooth. I'm clearly not as amazed as others, but I may revisit this one in the future." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "This is just a good average yellow beer. A ice cold one at the beach hits the nail on the head. Not a beer to savor by letting it warm up. Can't say much exciting about it but good enough to drink again." END
BEGIN NOW "I see most call this mistakenly a 12 oz beer. Extremely light yellow color, appearance is it's nicest attribute. Good carbonation, thin top,thin tasting, and smell of heineken. No bad after taste,could be a nice hot weather thirst quencher ." END
BEGIN NOW "From bottle and very, very cold. So color and taste were both hidden. Appears to be a lighter regular pilsener for thurst quicing in summer. (Houston 201201)" END
BEGIN NOW "The 2 best things this beer has going for it are the commercials and the stubby bottle.  The bottle is really the only thing separating it from every other crappy macro lager.  I bet it would taste much better in Jamaica though (just like a Corona tastes better on a Mexican beach)." END
BEGIN NOW "I like the old school type stubby bottle (smaller actually). Did not get a decent size head from this one. Pretty much evaporated a minute later. Good lacing and average carbonation. Light golden appearance. Lots of grainy type aromas , wheats, barely noticeable malts. Ok mouthfeel. Flavours are pretty much same as aromas, grains/wheats, hops seem distant, a bit of sweetness on the palate. Just another average beer, still good enough for a repeat." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Very pale yellow color with almost no foam head. Lacing to glass. Aroma is that of a regular pilsener, taste is somewhat less. Mass produced watery beer, probably good when real cold and temperture outside is high. Almost no aftertaste. Indeed a beer just good for the list. (Houston 201208)" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours clear very pale yellow with a hint of a white head.  Mouth is very smooth which was unexpected.  Flavor...uhhh, not really.  Not so great but maybe on a hot day..." END
BEGIN NOW ""there's nothing like an unfurnished basement for pure comfort"  ... Pretty crispy for a lager, some low sparse lacing .. smells like old corn husks and maybe some sock ... a strange cheaper carta blanca clone ... marble rocks .. run of the mill... be careful with this, it put me over the edge..." END
BEGIN NOW "Well then...by the looks of the bottle, this is going to be just wonderful... END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "I haven't rated a beer in a while but after perusing the top 100 and looking at some old beer notes, I thought I'd give a few some kind words. How can one not love this beer? Beautiful in the glass. Vibrant, bloody brown. Nose of sweet-sour goodness. Taste of delicate fruit flavors and balanced sour notes. Gorgeous beer. Sampled at Beermongers, 11/16/2012" END
BEGIN NOW "330ml bottle - END
BEGIN NOW "I had this beer many times over the last decade and when it fresh, it was amazing sour beer.  Lots of sour cherries and wheatish malt.  Sadly, does not age well.  Was definitely the best sour out there when it was fresh!" END
BEGIN NOW "Malt vinegar and wooden aroma. I smell cherries too. Looks like the malt vinegar I use on my fish at Long John Silvers. Right now I am thankful that this is a small bottle. Taste is so much better than I expected. There's lots of sweet and sour cherries. Taste is familiar but intriguing. Finish is subdued. WOody, tart and sweet. Wow! So much better than I expected. I admit it. I was all wrong. I'll have a bigger bottle please! END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "I need a bottle of my own, snuck a quick sample from a glass at a local tasting .. wow, cherry and slight fruity musk ... amazing mouthfeel, still full .. age, what age?, a class act all the way .. seriously, anyone reading this who has a bottle for trade, i'll make it worth your while .. " END
BEGIN NOW Young Rodenbach is mixed with Rodenbach which has matured for at least two years in oaken casks.  Scintillating dark, richly smelling beer. END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Slightly hazy ruby red colour with mediumsized reddish-white head. Aroma is sour cherries, some wood and mild herbal notes. Flavour is bit sweeter cherries with some wooden hints, as well as paperyness. Aftertaste is cherries, some sourness and wood. refreshing. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours with an initially two-finger thick, pinkish tinged tan colored head which falls fairly quickly.  The beer is a deep, stained, dark cherry red color, but shows a brilliantly clear, red color when held up to the light.  The aroma is an weird mix of super cherry notes and an almost stem like, vegetal note that is a bit off-putting.  Perhaps that vegetal note is just an artificial cherry note as the aroma sort of smells fake and plastic like.  There is very little, if anything to suggest that this is a beer at base level. END
BEGIN NOW "this beer poured with a darker red body and was topped off by a smaller slightly pink head that left very little lace with poor retention. THe aroma was yeasty with some artificial sour cherry tones as well. The mouthfeel was medium bodied fairly well carbonated and pretty easy to drink. THe flavor was sour cherries, bready yeast and some light malty tones. All in all this is a pretty dispensible beer, given it's high availibility it's probably the first flemish sour for alot of people, just don't let this scare you away or by any means think that its at the top of its style." END
BEGIN NOW "I tried this beer for the first time in the FLY restaurant in downtown Tampa, FL. It came with a Redbach float - 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream in a beer glass and the Redbach was poured in. Deliciuos!!!! You have to try it and give some to your friends. Best dessert ever!!" END
BEGIN NOW "Beer poured purple/red color with ok head and little lacing.  The aroma was that of cherry soda with a touch of vinegar.  The flavor was akin to the Grand Cru watered down with cherry soda.  More tartness emerged as it warmed, but not enough.  I'll take the GC any day over this!" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Large corked bottle, with gold foil on top of the neck. Popped off the bottle cap, and noticed that the cork was more than a little moist -- in fact, it was down-right saturated, with hints of pressure escaping, in the form of tiny bubbles. I figured that the cork was on it's last legs, and only the bottle cap kept things under control, but still, a little unsettling. END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Clear yellow, lacing white foam head. Barley aroma and taste. A regular lager. Think this is all you can expect from a country famous for anything but beer. (Velp 201410)" END
BEGIN NOW "Not a huge fan of this one, thought it is not offensive.  Mild, clear golden.  Little to no head.  Was cheap and offered airmiles! :-)  Won't be in a rush to buy it again." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle. Poured a clear deep gold colored beer with a two fingers white creamy foamy head that had a long retention. Some carbonation. Some lacing. The aroma is mild sweety malts, hay, barnyard. The flavour is very mild, slight herbal hoppiness. The mouthfeel is watery. This light bodied beer has a dry finish. Not really a pleasant beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle: END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Pale straw color, small white cap, lively carbonation. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Nose is faint; barely definable cereals under light grassyness. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Thin, light dry, finishes fast and clean,,,a little too sweet for a pilsner. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW unremarkable clone beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Golden color with strong grain - corn, perhaps, flavor and a nasty, bitter after taste.  It was lacking in every characteristic.  Not sure what I was expecting from a Portugese Pale Lager, but I was not impressed." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Clear dark brown ruby with light brown little lacing foam head. Aroma is caramel, some nutty and fruit tones. Watered down taste however. Again caramel, little barley, some smokey toast tones. (Velp 201411)" END
BEGIN NOW "In my journey through the beer world, I wind up at Portugal.  S Schwarzbier.  Gotta be good?  Right?  On pour it starts okay.  Nice ebony color.  Decent tannish head that settles into a nice frothy lacing.  It is there that this sampling went downhill.  The aroma and taste are simple, sweet and hints of corn.  The taste was bland. The mouthfeel is weak and watery.  " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Amber color, not much head on the beer. It had an earthy and nice malty flavor. The beer appears to have been bottle conditioned since it had a lot of sediment on the bottom. It was a very interesting beer, with a unique flavor. It is worth trying. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "A pitiful example of the style, this was a huge disappointment. Well, maybe I shouldn't have started Rauchbiers with Schlenkerla, but that is forever the benchmark and this was a pity. Light smoked aroma with caramel underneath. The flavor was way too sweet, too caramel-like, just phoney. The smoke wasn't overdone, but it was assertive, lost by a flavor that was too sweet. Mouthfeel was a little sticky, not smooth, certainly not lager-like." END
BEGIN NOW "Everyone who is a beer nut will at one time or another hear about Steinbiere - the beer that is actually brought to boil by dropping a super heated stone (2200 degrees Farenheit) into the wort. END
BEGIN NOW "I saw two smoked beers from this brewery and decided to try both - the regular Steinbrau and this one - a smoked weiss.  Wasn't sure if I could differentiate between the two styles with all the smoke.  This beer is a light amber color with a huge weiss head.  The aroma was that of a smoked salami - no "beer" smells can cut through that.  Decent body to the beer and yes, there was a weiss hiding beneath the smoked malt flavor but you had to go looking for it.  Smokey aftertaste was pleasant.  Not the strongest smoke flavoring, but definitely enough to earn the title Rauchbier." END
BEGIN NOW "An attractive label (quite Germanic) advertises what this 500mL swing-top bottle holds -- a well-mannered, if perhaps too polite -- example of a Rauchbier. END
BEGIN NOW "Very dark, beautiful amber and a medium white head. Smoked applewood and a littel bit of tobacco in the aroma. Fairly mild for a smoked beer. The taste is light and refreshing. It leaves a strong tea taste and some cola in the mouth. The smoothest and lightest smoked I have tried. If you are looking for a lot of smoke, try another one. If you want a smooth beer with just light smoke taste, then this might be up your alley." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Comment END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "500 ml bottle, simply named Saku Porter, from a potential importer. ABV is 6.9%. New bottle and label design, quite stylish. Very dark brown colour, nearly black. Large tan head. Malty aroma, notes of brown bread and caramel, okay but not very exciting. The flavour is also very malty with caramel and bready notes, also some burnt sugar and burnt breadcrumbs. Minimal hops. Nice enough to drink. END
BEGIN NOW   END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Great looking deep dark pour with a high head with good retention and lacing.  Nose full of prunes and roasted malt.  Thin mouthfeel, a flavor with some sweetness and dark fruits, but also some cardboard.  Not a go-to for my Baltic Porter needs.  I'll take Okocim over this one any day." END
BEGIN NOW "Dark brown colour, huge brown foamy head. Roasted malt as well as old coffee in aroma. Roasted malt in flavour along with licorace and coffee. Sting of alcohol present too. Roasted ryebread in aftertaste. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours deep mahogony with a slight haze. Firm creamy off white head. Sweetly spice with aromas of dried fruits, prunes (for sure), and a modest chocolate. Heavy on malts. Alcohol has faded away. Initially roasty and full of caramel with burnt wooden tobacco flavours. Softened quickly into more chocolate and earthy malts. Body is creamy and lightly carbonated. Nots as much punch as I would have expected from a beer of this style. Long but somewhat washed out finish." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours with a reddish-brown body topped by a medium thick lasting head with some lace. not very dark for a porter. Sweet fruity (apples?) malt aroma with caramel and a slight hint of alcohol. Sweet malt flavor with caramel and fruity notes and a slight bitterness from hops. Full bodied, tingly and a touch dry. This beer reminds me more of an English strong/old ale or a scottish ale than a porter. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled on 7/8/2009. This porter pours a dark brown color from a 50cl bottle. Medium sized white foamy head, with decent lacing and not much retention. The aroma is chocolate, roasted malts and coffee. A medium bodied porter. The malts are chocolate and coffee. The hops are herbal and earthy. Nice balance. Good carbonation. A little thin in the mouthfeel but it does not lower this beers drinkablility any. Mouthfeel is a little thin. The finish is clean and smooth. The aftertaste is slightly sweet." END
BEGIN NOW "sampled on 7/8/09. 500ml bottle with mitch. pours a dark black/brown color with just a bit of light coming thru, medium head. aroma is chocolate, roasty malts. taste is chocolaty with coffee coming out as it warms. mouthfeel is thin and a bit watery." END
BEGIN NOW "The typical 500ml bottle that British and German brews come in.  This pours a black colour with a brown head.  Roasted and nutty malts dominate the nose along with chocolate and dark fruits.  A creamy palate gives way to flavours of coffee, molasses, and licorice with a nice bitter finish making for an excellent beer." END
BEGIN NOW "500 ml bottle. Poured a deep brown with ruby tones colored ale with a good one finger tan creamy foamy head, with tons of micro bubbles, that had a superb retention.Soft carbonation. Good lacing. The flavour is strong roasted malts, burned coffee beans, fruity, nuts and chocolate. The aroma is rich, roasted malts,dark bitter chocolate, a coffee cup, fruity, dark berries, all that mixed with a floral hoppy bitterness, hints of licorice. The mouthfeel is slight crispy, like a creamy black coffee and very smooth. This light to medium bodied ale has a long bitter coffee finish. A complex Porter with a river of smells. I need an other taste to surelly discover other flavours. A very interesting and tasting Porter." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured from a bottle to a jet black color with a tan head.  The aroma at first reminded me of sun tan lotion...seemed to have a coconut.  I re-focused and came up with vanilla and malts.  Everything was OK until this point where I tasted this brew.  The taste was extremely watery with the slightest bit roasted malts and some fruit at the end but it ends there. Won't be searching this one out in the future." END
BEGIN NOW In the 19th century there was a considerable trade in beer from Britain to India. The land of spice was Britain's major export market. The heavy hop levels of these pale beers shipped on the long voyage to India naturally preserved the beer and complemented the flavourful and exotic cuisine of the East. Samuel Smith's India Ale is characterised by the colour of a golden sunset, a refined maltiness and an emphasis on the aroma and flavour from Britain's best hop gardens. END
BEGIN NOW "Huge white head leaves loads of lacing on an impressive looking beer. Aroma is grainy and earthy. The flavour is caramel malt, light fruits, pine and a hint of orange and spice. Medium mouthfeel.Enjoyable English style ipa." END
BEGIN NOW "Nose off for style. Sour fruit and biscuit,  no hop notes. Pours medium copper body with a full off white head. good retention and good lacing. Mouthperhaps a bit thick for the style, quite creamy.Flavor is sweet and sour and grassy with a bit of hop bitterness at the end. Not right. " END
BEGIN NOW "500ml bottle END
BEGIN NOW "Clearing golden yellow with white lasting foam head, lacing to glass. Aroma is malty with some hops. Taste is a smooth English ale, not too malty, some bitterness. Aftertaste is fresh, a nice beer. (Velp 201301)" END
BEGIN NOW "200ml bottle: pours a clear honey-amber ale in the glass with a 2 finger tight whight cap. Moderate carbonation. Aroma is bready, grassy with some fruitiness. Medium body, smooth mouth feel. Flavor is much like aroma big maltiness without sweetness perfect hop balance without excessive bittering, some fruit tones, clean semi-dry finish. A perfetly balanced and well attinuated brew - a really approachable IPA." END
BEGIN NOW Samuel Smith's Organic Ale is reminiscent of the early 20th century brews not only in the brewing process and flavor, but label design as well. Certified organic by the USDA-accredited UK Soils Association. END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a light amber & apricot with a 1/4-inch thick white head with some lacing surrounding. An aroma of sweet malts, orange and citrus, peach and apricot, light mango, and light spice. The mouthfeel is smooth, thick, and rich. Flavors of rich malts, light hops, orange and citru, peach and apricot, mango, light banana, and pepper and spices. Excellent!!! ... I love this brewery!!!" END
BEGIN NOW "A pleasant example of an English style bitter.  A clear golden-red beer with a thin white head.  Aroma is floral hops, some spices, and cereal.  Flavour is nice and bitter without being complexingly so." END
BEGIN NOW Lightly kilned organic lager malt grown in the UK is the main ingredient, with a substantial addition of organic Vienna malt and organic hops from New Zealand. Certified organic by the USDA-accredited UK Soils Association. END
BEGIN NOW "Pale yellow clear poor, small foam. Shallow taste, not bitter. Drinks down smoothly, no long lasting taste. Not a good example of what the Brits can brew." END
BEGIN NOW "A lager, about as average as they come. Corn, skunky, lame.... why dont I dig lager like every other man on the planet? Its just boring and bloating and fizzy, like soda pop with less excitement. too bad...." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Had about the same color as maple syrup and the aroma of molasses . It seemed to have a wisp of clover or nutmeg not sure which. Over all a pretty decent beer that's worth trying again." END
BEGIN NOW "pretty decent food beer - light roast, chocolate, and a hint of coffee and hops.  Fairly straight forward, bordering on generic, but good for a mexi lager.  i'd drink again, but not buy again." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a black color. Smell is of roasted malts, some chocolate. Taste is the same, lots of roasted malts and some chocolate. Overall a flavorful and enjoyable beer." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a nice dark brown, with nice khaki head which disappears at a quickly pace leaving minor spots of wispy lacing.  The aroma is sweet  caramel malts, sweet bready notes, and a bit of raisin.  The taste starts with a toffee malt sweetness. Raisin flavoring holds through with a caramel malt presence. Sweetness is a touch cloying. The mouthfeel is lighter side of medium body with medium carbonation." END
BEGIN NOW "It pours a very dark brown and red with a thick light-tan head and some lacing residue. An aroma of black cherries, root beer, roasted malts, light beer funk, oranges, light hops, raisin and date, light cinnamon and spices. The mouthfeel is slightly thin, but smooth. Flavors of roasted malts, light hops, citrus, coffee, light chocolate, light root beer, some black cherry, raisin, and light cinnamon and spices. I'm impressed .. this has to be one of the top beer producers in the orient. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "pours a clear medium gold in color with a white head with moderate retention. See a little lacing.   The aroma is corn, faint grains and a metallic twang. The taste starts off with some corn sweetness and some grains in the background. A slight hop bitterness through the middle. A clean finish with no lingering aftertaste.  The mouthfeel has a clean h feel and has crisp carbonation.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Slightly more bitter than the average international style lager, and that is what this is. "Premium" lager.... o well. Grass, straw and highly carbonated." END
BEGIN NOW "Just another in a long line of less than stellar, overpriced pale lagers.  Vitually no aroma and what there was was grassy/corn.  Clear pale golden with no head - no lacing.  Thin on the pallette.  Weak flavor of... almost nothing." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle: Poured a golden color lager with a medium size bubbly head with average retention for the style. Aroma of light adjunct with sweet notes is more or less pleasant. Taste is very similar to most cheap lager out there with loads of corn and other adjunct which provide a sweet malt backbone. Not worth drinking on a regular basis." END
BEGIN NOW "fairly typical pale lager.  maybe some cereal type grain in the flavor and texture.  almost nothing on the nose.  not too bad, but not really worth the $$$ either." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Golden colour, small white head. Aroma is hops, malts and either rice or maize (maybe both?). Flavour os rice, hops and slight maltyness. Not exciting at all, and quite typical Asian "pale" beer. " END
BEGIN NOW "Pale gold, white head that sinks. END
BEGIN NOW Grassy aromas, tinge of sulfur. END
BEGIN NOW Nutty grains and strong hop bitterness. Flavour reminds me of Resch's Pilsener of a decade or two ago, implying the use of Pride of Ringwood. Some nutty grain flavour. END
BEGIN NOW Bitterness a tad unbalanced. END
BEGIN NOW Good, crisp, & refreshing, but bitter. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Maybe a touch above the Kirin, Sapporo, and Asahi macros I've been drinking here in Japan, but not by much. Lots of rice and phony malts underneat a beer that finished with a decent hop profile. However, this beer was originally served at something like 40F, so it clearly was in stealth mode, trying to avoid flavor detection. As it warmed, it just turned more and more adjunct-laden tasting. Appearance was originally golden with a nice white head, very decent lacing for a macro pale lager. An ok beer, definitely decent for a pale lager style, but just not worth my liver." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a large foamy off-white head and has a murky brown appearance. Weak lacing. Has aromas of raisins, wheats and malts. Flavours are mostly dark dry type fruits (raisins, plums). Fairly strong and pronounced alcohol taste, mainly in the finish. Something like oak notes in the mix, maybe even rum, or what seems like it. Also a little bit yeasty. Quite a bit of sediments are visible. Bottle qty is quite sufficient for me in one sitting (12% abv)." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours an extremely cloudy dark brown with a one finger head that goes down fairly quickly.  very clouded but I can see a lot of carbonation.  Aroma is very spicy with hins of bananna, cloves and bread dough.   Taste is something right out of some trappiste monastary.  Hints of heavy yeast, breads, and spices.  At the end it is very sticky and chewy.  Very, very good." END
BEGIN NOW "Dark ruby with small off-white foam head. Aroma is sweet caramel. Taste is bittersweet with the caranel sweet on top. But in both aroma and taste is a charcoal present. Short lasting aftertaste. (Velp 201301) " END
BEGIN NOW "Thanks Jeff!!!!! Ruby brown with a small skiff floating on top what is pretty good for the 12%. Sweet yet intensely sour apple candy, oak, sock like funk. What do the malts smell like..... I can't but my finger on it. Sweet apple with a nice alcohol warming finish. Caramel, candy sugar, perfume, apples, wood, more stuff with stuff that taste like stuff. Good stuff!" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a hazed russet brown with a fleeting cream colored head.  The aroma is of caramelized cherry caramel aroma, plums, molasses, leather, cinnamon, allspice, prunes, very complex aroma of malts.  The taste is of sweet carmalized brown sugar and molasses.  Cherries, plums, red Bartlet pears, caramelized plantains, hints of cinnamon and all spice, some minor bitterness on the edges.  The mouthfeel is chewy but smooth feel, light side of full bodied, low but spritzy carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW Exclusively brewed in reminiscence of Georg Schneiders privilege of being part of the world famous Munich Octoberfest until 1942 when his renowned "Weisse Brauhaus im Tal, Munich" was destroyed. Enjoy and celebrate! END
BEGIN NOW "At Schneider tap take-over with Douberd. Found this the best Schneider that evening, overall. Lasting creamy foam head, strong grass aroma and taste. Loved it. (Velp 201502)" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours with thick foam head. Smells of clean wheat and spice. Taste is more wheat and lots of cloves. Some bananas and apples on the finish. A good beer but a little too thick and complex for a wheat beer IMHO." END
BEGIN NOW "Did a Schneider tasting over the weekend and this was my least favourite, but it was also the last and it was hard to live up to the others.  Colour - light golden brown, with a foamy off-white head.  Aroma - wheat malt, spice, citrus and yeast.  Mouthfeel - medium bodied.  Flavour - nicely balanced by the sweetness of the wheat and the citrusy bitterness.  Overall - excellent." END
BEGIN NOW "Tried this one last night, I have seen it several times in the past but had not picked it up until now. A 'mid' murky orange body, with a fizzy cap that left some ok lace. Aromas of banana, clove, spices,and even some apple, made it kinda interesting. Flavor was about the same as the flavor, and it had a nice finish. Overall a very nice surprise, glad that I finally tried it." END
BEGIN NOW "Picked up a few bottles in Toronto recently and should have picked up a few more.  It pours a cloudy orange-gold colour with a tan coloured head.  The aroma is wheat malt, some clove, banana, and weak floral hops.  The flavour is nicely balanced between the malt, hops, and spices.  A great beer." END
BEGIN NOW From the heart of Bavaria comes Schneider Hefe-Weizen, Germany's original wheat beer. Produced in the method champagnoise style, Schneider Hefe-Weizen has a fresh yeast sediment in the bottom of the bottle. Bottle conditioning and the use of over 60% wheat malt in the brewing process creates a fruity-spicy flavor. END
BEGIN NOW "A very good hefe. Pours deep copper-orange - hazy with a fluffy active white head. Banana, clove and (corriander?) - delightful flavor and huge sweet nose. Great with the jagerschnitzel!" END
BEGIN NOW "Dated the 184th day of 2013. Pours a cloudy light amber with a 2 finger off white head that takes its time.  Nicely carbonated.  Aroma is very floral with hints of clove and banana.  Taste is fairly heavy with hints of fruits, light clove and fresh water.  Fairly full bodied and crisp but ever so slightly watered down.  I like it." END
BEGIN NOW "Drank this at Italian restaurant in Switzerland - why not all Swiss one could ask. Good weizen, nice aroma and fesh taste. Nice refreshing citrus aroma and taste, good beer." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a very hazy orange/amber colour, with a large foamy head. Good lacing and has a great mouthfeel. Yeast is in the aroma along with wheats, malts, and fruits. Flavours are of the same variety, very yeasty, but hints of banana, orange, apple. A little bit of sourness on the palate, nothing too extreme, and not off-putting. Very good." END
BEGIN NOW "After having their "Tap X Mein Nelson Sauvin" last night, I noticed I had not had this one before (and had lots of rating). Well, the LCBO had some waiting for me, so I grabbed one. Loaded with carbonation, the brew came out of the bottle before I could pour it. Hazy golden-amber colour with a big frothey off-white head, good retention and thick lacing. Spicy wheat nose with notes of banana bread, hints of vanilla and witbier yeast. Smooth, almost creamy mouthfeel. Again, crazy carbonated. The taste is nicely balanced between the wheat, spices, apples and mild sugars. Quite a nice brew that reminds me of a milder Unibroue Maudite (even though they are not the same style, many resemblance). Easier to drink for sessions." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "500 ml capped and translucent bottle. Poured in an English tulip pint a clear and dark amber-chesnut coloured ESB with a one finger beige , dense and creamy foamy head that had a very long retention and tons of micro bubbles. Soft carbonation. Poor lacing. The aroma is solid sweety malts, toffee, caramel, light fruity, a spicy touch and earthy hops. The flavour is toasted malts, riped and syrupy fruits, raisins, pears and floral and grassy hops. The mouthfeel is crispy, quite thick and bitter. The texture is a bit oily. This medium bodied ESB has a dry hoppy bitter finish. An easy and pleasant ESB with the expected well marked hoppy bitter side. A bad point ? Yes ! The unappropriate translucent bottle !" END
BEGIN NOW "ear ligy rubcy olor with brownish bubbly foam head, lacing to glass. Aroma is malty, barley with some light caramel. Nice bitter taste with some sweet sugary taste as well. Aftertaste is turning nice bitter. (Barnsley 201210) " END
BEGIN NOW "I wonder where the Bishop placed his finger before making this concoction. Known locally as "Flow Through" this brownish bladder grabber will ruin a good crib game. Not a person in the room who drank this could stay long at the table living up to its local name. Decent flavor-sorta smell of burn pecan shells, ok mouth feel, then the piss fit. Small print reads "a Diuretic Delight" Talk about truth in advertising!" END
BEGIN NOW "Impressive!  A very fine example of a great English Ale.  It had a little bit of everything going for it - loved the deep amber colour and hints of orange at the finish - without being overwhelming.  A superior drink." END
BEGIN NOW "I had one last night for the first time in a while and drank it next to a Spitfire. This is a good ale but the spitfire is smoother. This was stouter and more bitter. More flavor. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "At Copenhagen Beer Festival. Dark brown (nearly black) colour, moderate tan head. Lightly roasty aroma and flavour, also some floral and fruity notes, hints of chocolate. Light bodied, but nice and drinkable.  END
BEGIN NOW   END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "A good British porter goes well with anything, including bangers and mash!  A beautiful mahogany colour with a thich long lasting head.  Roasted malt, coffee, and licorice dominate the aroma, while the coffee bitterness dominates the flavour.  beautifully balanced." END
BEGIN NOW "Draught. Very dark ruby brown colour, very close to black. Aroma is yeast, hops, mild roasted malts as well as some chocolate. Flavour is quite sweet and mildly acidic fruityness along with roasted malts. As it warms up also some coffeeish and chocolateish notes become present in the flavour too. Nice, but still quite watery. " END
BEGIN NOW "Almost black, with a large creamy light brown head. Vague aroma of coffee beans and vanilla. Smooth flavout of coffeebeans, cocoa with notes of sweat. Light aftertaste of coffee, almond and hay. A very laid-back porter" END
BEGIN NOW "damn you!! clear bottles suck...my bottle must have been a little old, it wasn't all bad but was a tad off..the smell was of wine, and no head, i'll be tracking this down so i can give a truthful review but i did drink the whole beer, so....." END
BEGIN NOW Originally produced in 1990 as a Battle Of Britain commemorative brew, Spitfire is now a permanent feature on the Shepherd Neame cask conditioned ale portfolio. Spitfire Premium Bitter has a full malt and hop flavor with a well balanced and lasting aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a fairly thick off white creamy looking head and has a clear dark amber appearance, sort of a rusty look. Aromas of strong spices, hints of cinnamon, toffee and dark fruits (plums, raisins). Flavours of earthy and resin hops, strong spices again but quite bitter and refreshing. Barley is also evident as well as dark roasted malts and toffee. Hints of cinnamon comes around in the finish with a dash of caramel. Creamy mouthfeel, little bit chalky, warming sensation. Medium bodied. Lively carbonation. Pretty good stuff." END
BEGIN NOW "Had this one many times before, but just realized, I had not rated this one. Written "Glorious 2012" on front label. Pours a clean deep amber colour with a frothy off-white head that lasts a while and creates thick patchy lace. Big caramel malt nose with hints of coffee and nuts. The hop does come out as well, to add some grass notes to the aroma. The taste is a bit milder though with all of the things found in the scent. Light dry-bitterness with the hop finish, and a tad of that rusty water that I do not like (from whatever hop they use). Still, a pretty easy-drinking, mildly creamy, malty-hoppy, session brew." END
BEGIN NOW "Pretty standard and available english pub brew, especially in my parents area of the world, Hastings and Sussex. Well balanced english ale, almost always found cask, some light fruity yeasts, light bodied, some light fruit and flowers... good." END
BEGIN NOW "I tried this on board the Queen Mary 2 during a transatlantic Crossing.. It poured a chestnut amber with a malty aroma and a hoppy finish. There was a generous head tha lingered The mouthfeel was smooth and very drinkable. Definitley worth a try." END
BEGIN NOW "Never had a bitter before, let alone an extra special bitter. I didn't knew what it was so I thought it was horrible. But now I know it was an ESP I can appreciate it a bit more. Colour was orange with little head. Taste was harsh bitterness, no fruityness or anything the label promised me. Let's just say I'm not really into bitters." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled (from lahoublonniere.be). Hazy yellowish golden colour with mediumsized white head, that vanishes quite quickly. Flavour is fruits, wheat/spelt , some yeast and slight sweetness lurking. Very refreshing and pleasant. " END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle: Poured a pale yellow color ale with a large pale white foamy head with good retention and good  lacing. Aroma of light funk and fruity ester with some pale malt. Taste is also dominated by some light funky notes with some discernable fruity ester and a light malt backbone. Average body with great carbonation. Well done but maybe lacking some funk to some ester to be truly exceptional." END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy golden with a rich licely white foam. Dryish yeasty aroma of banana-peels, lemon, mild flowers and biscuit. Soft, lively and somewhat wheaty flavour of banana, yeast, bread, spices and mild pepper. Soft airy and sparkling mouthfeel. Light finish of yeast, pears, banana and almond-paste. " END
BEGIN NOW "250 ml bottle, courtesy of Cardinal pub, Stavanger. Also available in Norway at Vinmonopolet. ABV is 5%. This spelt beer is organic (French: "biologique")., and has had a secondary fermentation in the bottle. Very pale blonde colour, hazy. Large and fluffy white head. Yeasty, spicy (cloves a.o.) and citrussy aroma, nice. Spritzy mouthfeel. The flavour is wheaty, fairly dry, notes of citrus and pepper. Not very different from their buckwheat beer "Sara". Joseph is a decent beer, but not worth the ridiculously high price in Norway." END
BEGIN NOW "The aroma is bitter to some extent with some flowery characteristics and is sweet with maybe some spices coming through with with maybe some fruit like pears or apricots. The appearance is a bit murky and is a light yellow to golden in color with a big, fuzzy head on top that is bubbly and discipates leaving white lacing that clings to the glass. The mouthfeel is light-bodied and smooth with nice fruity complexity as well as good balance with a pallet that is nice and dry to some extent. The flavor is sweet with some spice with fruity flavors like apple, pear, or apricot with some slight bitter in the aftertaste that is somewhat creamy and maybe some very slight sourness with a finish that is refreshing and smooth with much sweetness and is slightly dry. Overall, this is smooth and tasty stuff that I could drink more of, this is a good witbier. " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Dark amber colour with a rich fluffy beige foam. Sweet black cherries, almond-paste, anise, black pepper with a de Dolle like yeast character. Flavour of yeast with notes of black currant, leaves abd toasted grains. Short finish of currant-leaves and wheat." END
BEGIN NOW "Sampled from magnum bottle.  Pours clear mahogany with a sudsy tan head.  Vionous/red wine aroma up front and some caramelized malts in the background.  Sour fruit is the first noticable flavor.  Not as spicy from yeast/hops as I expected.  Damned odd.  Quite good." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a sienna-brown color with tall, fizzy head.  I could smell malty goodness without getting my nose anywhere near the beer.  For a nice change of pace, wheat makes up only a small element of the malt-aroma. END
BEGIN NOW The flavor is richer than most wits; tastier than many as well.  Malt dominates, but there's adequate bittering to avoid sweetness.  A slight metallic taste in the finish, but that may have been the alcohol and not a character flaw ( I sometimes mistake the two).  Buckwheat doesn't contribute a lot here, by comparison to say, Rogue's.  Light bodied, but not at all watery, with effervescent carbonation.  Interesting and unusual example of the style." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark brown with a thick tan head.  Aroma is of mild dirt.  Mothfeel a tad watery.  Flavor is of dark fruit and spice.  Initial impression was "wow, this is an odd beer", but after a few sips you get used to it and it is good to go." END
BEGIN NOW "This was a very interesting and tasty beer.  A nice bronze/orange color with a nice sized head that stays fairly thick.  The aroma hits you with yeast and some earthy scents.  Entirely enjoyable and I'd have to agree with 1 previous reviewer who said it reminded him of a Flemish Sour because it did have characteristics of said style.  I enjoyed this very much and look forward to trying again." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle. Hazy golden colour with slim white head. Subdued sort of aroma, bready, yeasty slightly fruity. Taste is somewhat disappointing, thin,oily mouthfeel, some malt, sweet, but not much to recommend it. Not impressed." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Amber colour, big creamy beige head, lots of lace. Aroma is caramel malts, some yeast and dark fruits. Also some slight tones of alcohol. Flavour is dry dark fruit, caramel malts, grass, slight metal and yeast. Also some hoppy bitterness. " END
BEGIN NOW Brewer's description: END
BEGIN NOW "Pours out dark brown with a white head. The aroma is deep with notes of brown sugar to me my beer buddy. Thinks it smells like aged beef but he is German so what does he know. The mouthfeel is smooth thick and rich like a Belgium style. The flavor is deep and complex." END
BEGIN NOW "Big review night with the local Brew Crew: 18 different beers with barbecue, delicious desserts, and good company. I brought this to the gathering because I'd not yet seen it, and I'm a sucker for anything labeled Scottish or Belgian-- and this is both. The color is a brickish orangey brown, there was not much head but the foam was quite fine. For me, the aroma spoke of molasses and cherry, not overly rich but good. Subtle flavor compared to many Scots, a bit boozy, quite sweet and a little tart. Feels good on the tongue. Works as a fusion for me." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "They have this for $8.99 a 6-pack at Whole Foods, so wanted to try a single first.  It's ok beer, but Hefs are usually hit or miss for me....and this really isn't doing it for me.  Flavors are opening up a bit as it warms up.  Mild banana, wheat, yeast, and grassy flavors.  A semi-cloudy medium yellow appearance.  I'd put the quality in the category of the European macro brews like Stella, Leffe, & Palm." END
BEGIN NOW "Weissbier yellow hazy color with large foam head. Sweet fruity taste, citrus, and nice smooth finish. One of the originals. Taste is citrus, aftertaste turns slightly bitter after a while. (Velp 201201)  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a cloudy pale golden yellow in color with moderate amounts of visible carbonation with a medium sized dense foamy off-white head that  reduces slowly with a light to moderate lacing.  The aroma is moderate to heavy with banana and clove, also there are some lighter hints of wheat.  The taste is very similar to the aroma, the predominant flavors are banana and clove (spice) along with some wheat and yeast.  The mouthfeel is light to medium bodied with moderate to heavy amounts of carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW "Very good version, as you would expect. Nice banana notes in the aroma and flavor.  Perfect for a hot summer day.  It's very hazy and full of yeast, but not in any way that is off putting to the beer." END
BEGIN NOW "A very nice, smooth beer that is always good for session drinking, as well as starting a night of beer tasting.  If you have friend who are just your average commercial lager drinkers, this is a good one to have them try, to get thim into the world of quality belgian and craft brews. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Very beginner-friendly, yet complex enough to be a session beer for the most jaded beer geek. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Recommended!" END
BEGIN NOW The classic German dark beer, bottom fermented 'Doppel Bock'. Full bodied with a deep dark color and rich roasted malt flavor. END
BEGIN NOW "Very dark red-brown pour with a tan head that disasters quickly. Great rich malt aroma with a light hint of raisin. Taste is very smooth with zero bitterness with a hint of molasses. Good thick mouthfeel." END
BEGIN NOW "Thick mahogany pour with a frothy head. Smells of spice and grain. From the looks of it, this is a fantastic beer. Mouthfeel is velvety and taste is delicious. Malt, spice and grain. Fruitcake. Finish is a little slippery. Other than that. This is a fantasitc beer! " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark brown/red with some a small amount of bubble and tiny bit of off white head.  The aroma is of malts and dark fruits like raisins, plums and figs. There's also a bit of alcohol.  The taste is big on sweet malts, prunes, grapes a bit of alcohol and little bit of bitter grassy hops. The mouthfeel is smooth and slick with a medium body and very little carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW "this beer is the bomb love it i dont know what it is with spaten. i just love what they brew it might be because of the movie beerfest das boot.anyway its a great beer worth a try so try it you might like it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours dark brown with good clarity and small head.  Aroma balances sweet, grainy topnotes against a musky base.  The flavor is boldly malty, equally sweet as dry. Medium bodied with gentle carbonation.  Best at cellar temperature.  " END
BEGIN NOW This beer is our speciality. In 1894 Spaten became the first brewery in Munich to produce this brand of light lager.Flavor profile: Golden in color with a well-balanced hop-flavor. The full rounded body is a superb balance between hops and a malty sweetness. Available as 12 oz. 12-pack, 12 oz. 6-pack, 16.9 oz. single bottle and 50 liter keg. END
BEGIN NOW "Clear golden yellow, short lasting white foam head. Typical taste for a German beer. OK, not outstanding. Given the reputation of the brewer, bit sissapointing. (Velp 201503)" END
BEGIN NOW "Poured from a green 12oz imported bottle, it was a lighter gold color and an aroma of grain and malt. Head was a a big foam which went quick. had a bit of sweetness with abit of hops in taste." END
BEGIN NOW "On tap @ Linderhof German Restaurant in Knoxville. Light golden yellow pour, tall white head, some lacing, good carbonation.  Sweet malt and lemongrass aromas, light Noble hops, a touch of spice and pepper.  Taste is very refreshing although fairly light, nice balance of lightly sweet malts and Noble spicy hops.  Very little bitter linger.  Straight up for the style.  Satisfying change of pace from all of the stouts and IPAs that have crossed my lips as of late." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a clear light orange with a small foamy off-white head that settles to a film on top of the beer leaving a little lacing.  The aroma is of grain, grape juice, and some slightly skunky aromas that disappear after the pour. The taste is of sweet malt/grain and some grape juice and fruity flavors. There is a slight hop bitterness that quickly fades after each sip. There is a nice level of carbonation with a crisp mouthfeel. Overall, this is a good and easy to drink beer that is pretty refreshing." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Somewhat hazy orange with off-white foam head. Sourish aroma, always like green apples to me. Taste as usual is getting used to, sour initially, turning less in time. Like these beers. (Velp 201407)" END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a light copper with a medium white cap of which about an eighth inch sticks around for a while. Small amount of sloppy lacing This is my first Gueuze so I'm not sure what to expect but the smell is sweet and sour apples with a spicy hint. flavour starts sweet with a finish reminiscent of rotten apples. Mouthfeel is  well carbonated. Not sure how to rate this for the style, it's definitely interesting reminds me of a cider. Gonna cellar a few and rerate." END
BEGIN NOW "Not as good a gueuze as is produced by some of the other Belgian gueuze producers, but still pretty tasty.  It is clear, golden in colour, and highly carbonated.  The aroma is sour, with some sweet tones.  The flavour grabs you on the sides of the tongue, but the bite could be stronger.  " END
BEGIN NOW "375ml bottle END
BEGIN NOW "Not for Lambic purists...but for those unfamiliar with the genre, this is a good starter ale.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Pours hazey- golden-red with a smallish cap that laces well  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Aroma od musty burlap, herbs and sweetness. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Tastes like a well blended gueuze but the sweetness is a tad annoying..it has all the musty-earthy tones and herbal balance from long boil aged hops and the tart dryness of a lambic but the added sweetness seems phony. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW No reason to discount this as a serious lambic blend...but it is best suited to turning on your wife or friends to this style." END
BEGIN NOW Beer it to Belgium as wine if to France. From this 'land of beer' comes Stella Artois, the most acclaimed of Belgian beers. Stella is Latin for star - a symbol of outstanding quality and taste that's been perfected by the Artois master brewers since 1366 END
BEGIN NOW "Head with rather large bubbles disappeared rather fast and it had a somewhat limited aroma. Slightly over carbonated too. not too hoppy, not too malty but with a nice bitterness. " END
BEGIN NOW "A decent beer. Golden and transparent, with a moderate head. Aroma is decidedly beery. Taste is malty, no bitterness, no complexity. Not spectacular, but smooth and drinkable, a nice accompaniment for dinner, lively conversation, or a sports event on TV." END
BEGIN NOW "The best thing about this beer is their advertising campaign. Because the beer itself is nothing special and it's over priced. The aroma and the head were the best part of this beer. Don't take me wrong I'd drink a free one but I won't buy one." END
BEGIN NOW "Finally got a can for review. Clear yellow with a fine white cap that quickly disappears, lots of big bubbles on the sides of the glass. Sweet and sour aroma, but not very appetizing. The dominant flavor is a mild bitterness that reminds me of muscadine, but unlike some other beers with this element, it's not particularly pleasant. Beneath the bitter is some wheatiness and a sugar sweetness, but it's not a balancing element. Not complex, not particularly interesting, Stella just has more flavor than Bud, and unfortunately that's about as much as I can say in its favor. Thin feel, carbonation too big. Profoundly overrated and not worthy of the name Belgian." END
BEGIN NOW "this beer was a nice golden coloured when i poured it in the glass it came with and had a nice two finger head. The taste was mild and plesent not to overwelming overall not bad but theres better won out there" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled. Hazy yellow colour, mediumsized white creamy head. Aroma is sweet malts, honey, fruits and slight notes of yeast. Flavour is caramel and fruits along with slight spices and yeast. When it warms up it gets some slightly glueish alcoholnotes in the flavour. " END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle. Hazy dark golden colour with a large white head. Aroma of fruit, some yeast, malt and spices. Flavours are sweet, fruity, citrusy, lots of honey, spices with a dry finish . Medium bodied and carbonation. This beer works rather well; excellent." END
BEGIN NOW "For whatever reason, I always assumed that this beer was something of a Kriek (perhaps from the name) -- yes, even when it clearly states that it's a Belgian Golden Ale (duh!). So while I was hoping for something fruity/sour/tart for my sore throat, I ended up with a Belgian Strong Pale Ale. And, in retrospect, only a basic and unthrilling BSPA, at that. END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is pears, caramel, and alcohol. Appearance is orangish with good lacing. Flavor is smooth with some citrus and a vanilla aftertaste. This brewery is highly underrated IMO.  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Nice malt nose, citrus, wineish. Start is malt, the middle tart and full, the finsih is dry, sour and hops are surpressed but there. Strong and aromatic, quite quaffable." END
BEGIN NOW Strong beer with a sweet aroma, bittersweet full flavour, and velvety aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW "A recent sample at the bar(n), thanks John.  A big wheaty nose with telltale belgian notes.  A dark red and very cloudy beer, doesn't look like a baltic porter or smell like one or taste like one.  Very much a spicey, dark fruited belgian, and tasty at that." END
BEGIN NOW "Aroma is smoky and chocolaty with yeast and caramel hints. It pours a dark chocolate brown that is opaque save at the edges and has a very thick, if not persistent, tan head - the sample I got fizzed like nobody's business. Oh noes, wasted beer! Satisfying flavor is malty with smoky, chocolate and nutty tones and just a touch of caramel. Texture is quite fizzy, leaving behind a rather persistent tingle." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "A new discovery that I had to cross the state line for to obtain. St. Sebastiaan Dark has a root beer like quality to it in both the appearance and the taste.  The lightly tanned head has good staying power from the bottle pour, and eventually thins out into the dark brown liquid.  The mouthfeel is kind of watery and not as ballsy as I would expect from a Belgian dark strong ale.  But notes of, again, root beer,mild hops, caramel and dark malt are most noticeable.  Too bad I have to drive to Ohio to get one. " END
BEGIN NOW "Has a strong, malty aroma with a spicy undertone and a hint of apple. It pours a semi-transparent mahogany with a thin and not too persistent light tan head. Flavor is malty with an undertone of apple and a hint of caramel. Texture is smooth yet subtly fizzy, and it leaves a fairly persistent soft tingle and just a whisper of sweetness." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "If beer must come in a bottle, let it be an opaque bottle with a resealing cap! A clear, honey-colored brew with a rocky white head that leaves crazy lace on the glass. Terrific sweet lemon, hay, and spice (esp. coriander) aroma with a bit of mustiness. Prickly and balanced bittersweet first sip is rich with some wild grape, clove and ginger and coriander, a touch of bitter yeast and the faintest trace of banana. Body is a little light, but good; carbonation a little too big. I hate to say it, since it's really a different style and therefore totally unfair, but this is kinda what I wish popular lagers tasted like." END
BEGIN NOW "bottle, ceramic, had as Golden a couple of years back and reminded as Yeast Hoist .. . Pours a light hazed gold, really nice foam attributes .. . yeast, sugar, and light sweet booze .. . light mouth .. decent but one is enough .. . . Yaaay! Imagination Christmas! " END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "One of the best White Ales that I've sampled.  Even better, it's from Belgium. How can you go wrong?  Smooth, crips, refreshing.  Flavor is there too.  Has that Belgian feel and taste, without the heaviness of the stronger ales.  Cloudy medium yellow appearance.  Flavor is a good balance of wheat, hops, and some fruitiness like banana with light spice.  Above average carbonation gives it an airy/frothy head....be careful when pouring.  Summer is pretty much here in Florida, so give this one a try." END
BEGIN NOW "das Sterkens Wit, ingested July 5th 2009 @ pretty much 7:30pm ... END
BEGIN NOW "At first the aroma started off a little weird with alcohol, a little wheat and hints of fruit, as it warmed the alcohol disappeared and the fruit became more noticeable with hints of apricot and faint notes of peach. Body was a light peach color with a fizzy cap that faded quickly, not much lace or head to speak of. Mouthfeel was light but not in a bad way,and the carbonation gave it a spritzer like quality. Flavor of fruit, mostly citrus like, and some wheat. Overall this one got better as i drank it, its not a great wit, but its better than i expected." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pic is wrong. Should have a jester on the label. This is Zot! Not a bad belgian ale, but not the tripel. Enjoyed on tap in Brugge. Tasty Belgian. Pours hazy hay color. Smells of musty yeast. Taste a little like a wheat beer with lots of yeast and coriander. Very good ale.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy orange colour, mediumsized white creamy head. Flavour and aroma is yeast, fruit, slight wheat. The flavour gets very bitterish and dry in the finish. " END
BEGIN NOW "An excellent belgian ale. Great pour resulting in a thick white head.  Nice spices give it a great flavor and it feels great going down.  Not too sweet and strong alcohol. Thick dark color is amazing." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Hazy brown colour, mediumsized beige head. Aroma is caramel, malts, yeast, toffee and slight hints of alcohol. Flavour is caramel, alcohol, toffee and yeast. Dry dark fruits in finish. " END
BEGIN NOW "An excellent belgian ale. Great pour resulting in a thick white head.  Has a great scent with strong hoppy flavor. An great taste is perfect with its smooth feel." END
BEGIN NOW "Dark brown colour with a slim head. Excellent aroma; burnt sugar, sweet malts, caramel - please taste as good - yes! - as for the aroma plus dark fruits. Lightly carbonated, excellent full bodied mouthfeel. Great stuff." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Not a 3%er bad beer, but nothing special either.  Darker than a traditional lager or pale lager, a little.  malty bite is good, but definitely leaning well into the gerneric (and ever so slightly) skunky side of things.  Crisp and refreshing, though, so not a loss. " END
BEGIN NOW "Aromas lean more towards the traditional lager with hay, grass, and stickey sweet malts. Pale yellow body, thin fizzy cap that leaves some spotty lace. Flavor about the same as the aroma, grass, malts, honey, ehh. Overall its about what you would expect, not terrible though." END
BEGIN NOW "Clear light yellow with quickly fading white foam head, just leaving small ring on glass. Aroma is like any other pale, so is taste. Short somewhat sweet aftertaste. (Velp 201212)" END
BEGIN NOW "I admit, I thought this was Mexican when I ordered it...Spanish, Portuguese....what's the diff!  Anyway, this is a refreshing pale lager that offers nothing new to the style.  Clear, gold, grainy, some hops, and a taste to match." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Light opaque golden yellow, small white lacing foam head. Little sour aroma, also bit sour taste, metallic, copper taste. Not a nice beer. (Houston 201501)" END
BEGIN NOW "pours clear yellow in color and has a very slight amount of visible carbonation with a small bright white head that died down but consistently left a thin layer of bubbles covering the surface.  The aroma was of musty grapes and musty malts.  The taste like the aroma co has light flavors of musty grapes and hints of malts. A very slight amount of bitterness is noticeable.  The mouthfeel is light bodied on the palate and has a moderate amount of carbonation.  Not bad when ice cold on a very hot day. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Purchased at Silverthorne Liquors in Silverthorne, CO - I have never seen this brand before. It pours a light golden-yellow with thin white head and copious lacing. A funky and skunky aroma of god knows what. The mouthfeel is smooth and rich. Flavors of fairly fresh malts, hops, lemon-citrus, yeast, and light spices. It's okay, but the aroma is bad!" END
BEGIN NOW "wow, a whole lot of nothing .. . cheap corn is the main actor .. . damn bland .. . wow, super drain pour .. yellow, low foam .. . Good for bums without tongues... ." END
BEGIN NOW "Not the worst central/ south american swill but close. Pale golden body, with a thin head although it did leave decent lace. Aroma and flavor of stale grassy, malty grain. Overall i am glad its gone." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Great looking beer - if you like pale golden types. Creamy mouthfeel with citrussy notes from all of those lovely hops. Easy drinking beer from which I didn't want to switch. Great beer now sadly no longer with us." END
BEGIN NOW "Not sure how or why this listed as being brewed by "Whitstable", since every bottle I've seen from Swale has come from the now-closed Swale Brewery -- with Archers said to resurrect certian brands later on. END
BEGIN NOW "Poured from the bottle a light amber with a hoppy nose and refreshing hoppy taste. The carbonation made it refreshing and not too heavy. The color was lighter than I have seen in many other pale ales but had a good flavor that was very pleasent" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Accompanied my luch at North India in Fresno. A standard issue pale lager. Tasty, and it understated flavors balanced out the flavorful curries and Tandori smoke really well. This is exactly the type of beer I would want to accompany the rich palate of and Indian lunch." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a pale yellow color with a thin white foam head and nice suds on the top after the foam dissappears.  The armoa is a little flowery and thats about it. The taste is good, not much flavor, a good malt/hop balance and flowery on the front, the slightest hop bitterness at the end.  The mouthfeel is good, smooth and watery with lively carbonation. Ooverall a good quality well made beer, but it is a very light beer, very drinkable and good for a hot day. Sampled this beer at the World of Beers" END
BEGIN NOW "Bought this at Gil's Liquor in St. Peters, Missouri. Poured with very little head. Tastes almost like a Budweiser(Should I even be mentioning that in this review?)Was a little flat on the tongue. Smelled like a typical macro lager. Overall I'd have this again at a barbecue if I was offered it." END
BEGIN NOW "India Premium Lager Beer.  That is what the label states.  Clear straw yellow pour with a very short lived white head and no lacing.  Very average and light aromas of Noble-like hops and cereal malts. Taste is similar to Budvar but watered down and thinner.  Decent if ice cold." END
BEGIN NOW "Yet another golden beverage from the Land of India.  The flavor and texture are unobtrusive, refreshing and unfortunately very similar to lots of lager beers out there.  Don't turn your nose up if one is offered to you, but then again I am not sure it worth the somewhat premium price it sports." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "a medium, stark-white head and a clear, golden appearance, with lots of lacing and little fine particles floating about. The aroma is of toasted barley and subtle spice. Taste is of toasted barley malt, grain, sweetness, and a light hop bitterness. Mouthfeel is a little watery but finishes crisp, refreshing, and easy drinking. This is a very good lager. Sampled this at the World of Beers, turns out it was the best beer of the night.  END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "fairly generic and thin, though not entirely offensive.  corn and grain, with a sligt hop bite and little else.  watery feel.  there are better pale lagers out there." END
BEGIN NOW Creamy butterscotch notes flood the taste buds, laced with subtle complex fruit...and a subtle suggestion of vintage port. Elegant and seamless, this beer was a waltz on the palate. END
BEGIN NOW "had a 2006 right before this, lets see how it aged abit :VINTAGE 1994:... the aroma gets ya first, no 10 here, a 15! ... dark cognac reminders ... still a tad hott, a tad watery, but hugely enjoyable and drinkable ... so many great flavours! ... wonderful wonderful stuff!! had with stu and rob ..." END
BEGIN NOW ""1991 Vintage!  No. 18053 END
BEGIN NOW "1991 Vintage! END
BEGIN NOW "Bottled (1982 vintage@Kulminator). Ruby red colour, not much head. Aroma is earth and some smooth vinegaryness. Flavour is alcohol, plum, slight vinegar and some vanillaish very smooth things. A very pleasantly aged thing, which shows a bit of oxidation in it, but in a good way. " END
BEGIN NOW "Wow my first 10 for any category. Have drunk loads of this stuff over the years. Best was 18 y.o drunk in 2004. Great big gobs of fruit all the way down. Poured clear and ruby red. Little head and what there was dissipated quickly. Still we don't drink with our eyes... Winey taste with fruit and caramel/butter taste. Fantastic with very strong english cheese" END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Canned. (thanks bov!). Pale yellow colour, small white head. Aroma is malts, hops and some rubbery notes. Also some slight grainyness7wet hayishness. Flavour is rubber, plastic, sweet malts and maize. Quite dry palate. Not totally hopeless. " END
BEGIN NOW "clear golden yellow colour, nice head and lacing, fat grassy nose, herbal notes, medium-bodied, light bitterness, slightly oily, the finish is herbal and moderately malty" END
BEGIN NOW "This lager pours into the glass with a golden body topped by a thick, lasting white head with a good amount of lacing. The aroma is slightly sweet yet sour and skunky with a slight grassiness. Not a good aroma at all. The flavor is slightly sweet to start by turns bitter, hoppy and grassy. Light bodied and very dry yet smooth." END
BEGIN NOW "Very good Holland Beer.  This is one of the better beers I have tasted, especially for social occasions and eating.  Comes a close second to Bavaria as my favorite Holland Beer." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Pale yellow with white foam head. Aroma is little citrus, some wheat. Taste quite sparkling, fresh, lemon and wheat, some grass. Short lasting aftertaste. (Velp 201309) " END
BEGIN NOW "C: pale yellow, cloudy, huge white head END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml bottle, courtesy of Cardinal Pub & Bar, Stavanger, as Timmermans Tradition Lambicus Blanche. ABV is 4.5%. Sweetened with sugar AND saccharine, hmmm...  Ingredients also include artificial "aromas / flavourings" + antioxidant E300. Spontaneous fermentation, has the character of a sweetened lambic more than a witbier. Pale golden colour, big white head. Citrussy aroma with some sidenotes of milk products, also notes of farmhouse cider and barnyard, hints of banana and cloves. The flavour is saccharine sweetness with citrussy notes, and only a moderate acidity. No bitterness. Not very interesting." END
BEGIN NOW "Golden colour, minor head. Sweet plummy and caramellish aroma. Flavour is sweet flavoured (artificial, sweet white wine extreme) along with some hints of caramel and fruity sweetness. Aftertaste long and dry. Surprisingly non-sour for a Timmermans..." END
BEGIN NOW "Bottle. Hazy golden colour with a big white head. Sweet, yeasty and fruity aroma. Flavours are lemon, sugar, wheat  and some tartness in the finish. It tastes like it says on the bottle, a lambic wit. Interesting." END
BEGIN NOW The famous bear gates closed since 1745 when the last person to pass through them was Bonnie Prince Charlie. A potent Liquor as brewed by the Laird in the ancient Brew House of the Oldest inhabited House in Scotland. END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml capped bottle. Poured an unfiltered slight hazy oak-burgundy coloured Ale with a one finger tan foamy head that had a long retention and tons of micro bubbles. Soft carbonation. Good lacing. The aroma is rich, toasted malts, notes of caramel, some brown sugar, candied red fruits, heavy ripe fruits, plums, black cherries, raisins. The flavour is complex, sweety malts, notes of wood, spicy, licorice and a touch of pepper, fruit cake, dried fruits, nuts, fruity, plums, raisins and mulled wine. The mouthfeel is slight crispy, light syrupy and smooth. This medium to full bodied Ale has a lingering fruity and light peppery finish combined with an emotional warming effect. A perfect Winter Ale for the long evenings at the fireside." END
BEGIN NOW "Probably the best Scotch ale I can think of.  It has that genuine scotch ale flavor without any cloying sweetness or over the top type flavors that american versions put in.  Not that spectacular from a smell or apperance standpoint but the flavor is everything I want a scotch to be.  Well done, nice balance and one to look for." END
BEGIN NOW "Dark dark dark brown with a surprisingly bright white head. Really smooth drinking, more sweet than bitter, some malts that seem vaguely anise. Some caramel that seems to be slightly sour. Smells a bit of tea and cut wood. Very nice." END
BEGIN NOW "Ironic that the #1 ranked Scottish Ale is not from Scotland. So, I will proclaim this the King of true Scottish ales. My drunken notes say: smells like Innis & Gunn, very Scottish." I'd like to rephrase that by saying it's a very good representation of the style. Smells like a Scottish Ale, aka Innis & Gunn, but the sweetness isn't as over the top. Highly recommended. " END
BEGIN NOW "Very nice.  Pours clear opaque brown with a lilty tan head.  Aroma is malty, flavor is malt and smoke with a bit of pepper hop, very refined, very smooth, very nice." END
BEGIN NOW Brewed to celebrate the anniversary of the 1745 Jacobite rebellion, the ale proved to be so popular it has become a permanent addition to the range. Baded on an eighteenth century recipe the ale is spiced with coriander which gives a remarkabley fresh aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW "pours a dark tanish brown, cola color, with no head or lacing.  The aromar is of malts, dark fruits like plum, rasin, fig, roasted malts, caramel, some scottch, spices, corriander and lemon peel.  The taste is of sweet malts, sugars and spices start this off. Lots of fruits mixed with the caramel malts gives this a ton of flavor. Very syrupy, the addition of corriander and brown sugars really comes out. A lot of fig and plum with some scottch really adds complexity.  The mouthfeel is  thin, even though it does taste syrupy. The tounge gets the malts, sugars and fruits, were palate gets alot of malts and the spices, espically corriander. Aftertaste is sweet, thin and fruity. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a dark brown with a good sized tan head which leaves some spotty lacing. Spice and smoke aroma but quite weak. This ale deserves a better mouthfeel, seems a little watery. Love the flavour. Sweet malts, licorice, chocolate and some spice. Would have again." END
BEGIN NOW "Strong aroma has a malty and fruity core and a firm smoky overtone with molasses and mocha notes, more like a stout or porter. It pours a dark, barely translucent chocolate brown with a respectable light tan head that leaves some generous lacing. Mouth-filling flavor has firm fruity, malty, nutty and caramel tones plus subtle chocolate, coffee and toffee notes. It is sweet but not cloying, with just a touch of hop bitterness and a firm alcohol nip. Smooth, heavy texture has a syrupy feel and not a whole lot of fizz. This one is worthy of a hunt." END
BEGIN NOW "330 ml capped bottle. Poured in a snifter an opaque and extremely dark-brown, close to black, coloured Ale with a small one finger beige foamy head that had a short retention and tons of micro bubbles. No carbonation. Poor lacing. The aroma is roasted malts, dark ripe fruits, raisins, plums, a touch of spices and molasses. The flavour is burnt roasted malts, cooked vegetables, cabbages, fruity,ripe raisins, figs, plums, chocolate, a touch of spices, coriander and herbal notes. The mouthfeel is fizzy, sparkling, fulled and smooth. This full bodied Ale has a dry sweety and bitter finish. A rich flavoured and interesting Ale. " END
BEGIN NOW "Wow, this is not what I thought I bought at all! Super dark dark dark brown in the glass. Smell seems to be a bit sour and leather. Some orange candies and dates. Maybe some type of spirit, like grappa even... I really do not love this smell at all (just drank a supplication, maybe my pallatte hasn't adjusted yet). I definately feel like their is over steeped black tea all over the aroma and taste. If the smell I can't place is coriander, it is not fresh and liquorice like I love, its wet and soggy and rotten. Now that its been in the glass a few minutes it seems to be opening up a little bit to make room for something fruity/alcoholic and raisin. Roasty barley. Good soapy head retention. I want to like this but I can't seem to keep it comfortably in my mouth. Too bad for me, lots of other people dig it. I have one more, maybe it will do better for me... stay tuned! END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Troubadour" is a deep blond beer with 6.5 % alc. and a second fermentation on the bottle. This second fermentation is responsible for the higher alcoholpercentage and the further evolution of the beer in the bottle. When poured out in a suitable glass, 'Troubadour' has a thick white tenacious head. Flavour: The first contact with the tongue results in a lovely sparkling feeling. The flavour is caracterized by a mild bitterness and somewhat spicy, followed by a pleasant sweet after taste and dry finish. Aroma: The aroma is mainly caracterized by the spicy hop flavours, accompanied by a light fruity banana flavour. END
BEGIN NOW "SAQ import from my group with a best before date 06/11/14 on back label. Pours a cloudy golden-yellow colour with a big creamy white head, great retention and coats the whole glass. Loads of fruits in the nose (apples, oranges, prunes, dates) like marmalade and some of the Belgian Ale yeast. Sweet malt taste with the fruit notes, yeast and mild honey, all milder than the smell. Lots going on in this one and I have more to cellar to see if it blends better later. Still, pretty decent Belgian Blonde that is fruity." END
BEGIN NOW "Sweet leaning with a spicy zesty yeast and hop presence in the aroma and flavor.  a little too carbonated for my liking but I'm sure that varies.  Overall. pretty deceent but at a premium price." END
BEGIN NOW "Decidedly Belgian... and decidedly average.  Pours golden with a pillowy white head, but so do so many others.  Saison-like characteristics in the nose.  Bland flavor... left me wondering what a good beer would have been like." END
BEGIN NOW "Draft @ The Houston Saucer, 28th birthday evening .. . light mouth .. pours a deep amber gold .. medium head .. light to medium bitterness .. hay, honey, and light yeast .. . You mean it ain't me noggin it's me peepers? Well that's just loverly! " END
BEGIN NOW "There's much Saison character here, a pour from a fresh keg at Cooper's tavern. Flavorful and fruity; I get mostly pear, but peach and banana too - not so much from the nose, but in the taste. Flavors complemented with a peppery spiciness. Sweet turned sharply bitter mid-palate with a dry finish. Most intriguing. Nice balance between the forward fruit and the sharply bitter dry ending. MUSIC: "Take a Minute" from Troubadour by K'Naan. "I'm just gonna take a minute and let it ride / I'm just gonna take a minute and let it breeze"" END
BEGIN NOW Master brewers use only the highest quality malted barley, hops, yeast, and pure mountain water to produce Tsingtao, the finest beer from China. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours Straw colored, very clear. Single finger white head goes away quickly. Sweet aroma, slight maize, grass. Tastes much the same, with a reasonably crisp finish. Pretty boring though. green bottle" END
BEGIN NOW "I had this several times, mainly paired with Asian cuisine. Now that there is usually more of a craft selection, I'll go with that.   Not sure if better than Kirin, but similar in style.  Maybe a little more crisp, if that means anything.  As far as pale lagers go, could be about average or better than.  Not a style I prefer though.  It is what it is with this beer, just don't expect much." END
BEGIN NOW "I think I know know what liquid grass taste like. I only gave this a try because I didn't want to drink the American beers that were on tap. I think the only way iI could suggest someone drinking this. Would be because they were at a Chinese resturant." END
BEGIN NOW "How have I not reviewed this? END
BEGIN NOW Damn, this is a gassy beer. Do not drink in polite company, as each sip sends a collection of ripping belches out of your mouth. END
BEGIN NOW I only buy this when I order Chinese food. Something about cultural unity, I suppose. It tastes like pale yellow. Yep. It makes me think of all the faded, rotting, insipid, lifeless yellow things in Joyce's Dubliners. Like it longs to be in the company of crumbling books and discolored teeth. It isn't unpleasant tasting; it just tastes like nothing at all. Looks passable and uber-fizzy. It goes with Chinese food well, however, because it cleanses the tongue of all that sticky sweet-n-sour/orange chicken/General Tso sauce without leaving a residual flavor behind to temper the next bite. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Clear yellow with foam quickly disappearing. Strange smell, sewer? Taste cannot be placed, I wouldn't know what it is. OK had my Chinese beer. (Houston 201205) " END
BEGIN NOW Blanche de Chambly is a beer containing a deposit of fresh yeast: the result of refermentation occurring in the bottle. This beer is only partially filtered to enable it to retain the benefits of its best ingredients. Its slightly blurry appearance is characteristic of white-beer recipes dating back to the Middle Ages. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a cloudy light pineapple juice color with no head to think of.  Decent amount of carbonation. Aroma is a very light Belgian style.  Fairly sweet and fruity.  Taste is again fairly light with hints of orange peel, lemon sweetness's, and yeast.  Finishes off a tad dry and sticky.  Easy to drink but not much in the taste.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Light and fluffy. A great wheat beer. Pours silky with a massive white head. Light mouthfeel and a tasty grain flavor.Toothy. No hops here. Just refreshing grain beer with a super clean finish. I think I could drink this all day. In fact, I think I will." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a very thick off-white creamy head. A hazy light orange colour. Citrus flavours for sure like lemon and tangy stuff as well as various fruits. Very hoppy taste but not too crazy. Aroma of breads and malts. END
BEGIN NOW Perfect summer type brew!" END
BEGIN NOW "Cloudy yellow. Huge white bubbly head disappears quickly.Spicy aroma.Easy to drink on a hot summers day like today.Lemon,yeast and a little spice in the flavour.High carbonation.Would buy again for guests on days like today.Keep them away from my good stuff." END
BEGIN NOW "pours a cloudy yellow, with a nice head.   nice fruity aroma.  Nicely carbonated, with a nice wheat taste.  this is a nice refreshing brew that is excellent at any time." END
BEGIN NOW In February 1994, after 18 months of research, Unibroue launched La Fin du Monde (the end of the world). It is a 9 percent alcohol, triple fermentation beer. This type of beer was originally developed by the monks of the Middle Ages to be served on special occasions. La Fin du Monde is a deluxe beer made by triple fermentation and a unique way of straining the yeast. This method produces an unexpectedly subtle flavour. With its champagne-like effervescence, it has a vigourous presence in the mouth, which accentuates its strong personality. Slightly tart, with the balanced flavours of wild spices, malt and hops, it belongs to the class of great Trappist beers and, in this regard, is a North American first. At meals, it can replace white or red wines and enhances the flavour of most dishes. This beer is brewed to honour of the great explorers, who believed they had reached the end of the world when they discovered America. END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a hazy golden color with fluffy white head.  Citrus, wheat, yeast, banana and clove aromas.  Tastes as it smells, with yeast hanging around to the very end.  The ample carbonation makes each mouthful tingle with its complex flavor profile.  Alcohol is virtually undetectable, making this a potentially dangerous beer.  Great stuff.  Will need to try this in the summer, as it seems that it would be refreshing beer in the warmer months.  New to the style, but I certainly understand why this beer is so highly regarded.  " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours hazy gold with frothy white head with decent retention and attractive lacing. Aroma is orange, honey, grass, spice. Evolves on the palate with lemon, coriander and biscuit notes joining the others. Satisfying mouthfeel, full but not filling, ebullient but not overpowering carbonation. " END
BEGIN NOW "Opaque golden orange with small off-white foam ring. Orange, and mango aroma, some barley. Decent strong beer taste, again some soft fruits notes. Short aftertaste. (Houston 201408)" END
BEGIN NOW "Have a glass ready to pour this sucker or you will be chugging it out of the bottle.i popped the top and didn't have a glass ready and it started foaming out of the bottle.I had a good head rush from the high abv by the time I got it poured in a glass. Now for my review, out of the glass it's cloudy and burnt orange in color. It taste like a Belgium beer not a beer from Canada. Very thick mouthfeel and very smooth withs tons of malt flavor." END
BEGIN NOW Originally brewed for the 1995 Quebec Medieval Festival and brewed according to a medieval recipe. END
BEGIN NOW "Crap!!!!! Got have way done the review and i closed the browser so here I am redoing it. Cloudy pale gold body with a stupidly long lasting crown. It has that very familiar and distinct Unibroue smell and taste sooooooo I guess that means i have an excellent beer so far. Sharp yeasty aroma with nice spice and a lemon finish.  Good strong flavour with heavy yeast and toasty malt. Love the balanced spice and lemon. No faults with the beer so far. Brew finishes grainy and clean. Ok I found a fault with this beer is it is almost like every other beer the brewery ever produced........is that a bad thing?" END
BEGIN NOW "Has a yellowish honey colour, nice foamy head, citrus taste, a bit of spices come through, and a little tingly aftertaste. Pretty good Unibroue limited release. Came in a mixer 12 pack, only 3 bottles. " END
BEGIN NOW "OMG !!  Never thought I would get a chance to try this one. Now available for a limited time in Unibroue's mixed 12-pack. Hazy golden-blonde colour with a huge white cap that has great retention, bubbly, soapy, just like its lacing. Very active tiny bubble carbonation. Awesome spicy nose, reminding me of the old days, when Unibroue was Unibroue. Fruits as well, with apples, pears and citrus. Slightly creamy mouthfeel when sipped with some head and the mouthfeel is medium-bodied. Tastes like the aromas, but quite a bit milder with notes of oranges. Well representing it's description, mild spicy blonde ale. Now, just hope they can re-release their Kamouraska." END
BEGIN NOW "Dark golden colour woth a small white head. Deep and round aroma of toffee, butter, pears and honey. Slightly oily flavour of toffee, mils flowers and malt. Smooth finish of yeast, white bread and berries." END
BEGIN NOW "hazy yellow gold, a small head, and fine bubbles. Sweet aroma of sugar syrup and fruit peel. Taste of sweet wheat, perfumey citrus... Finish was watery. Discontinued in 2000; bottle conditioned, but likely past its prime by 2006 here" END
BEGIN NOW Origin:	Chambly, Quebec END
BEGIN NOW Origin	Chambly, Quebec END
BEGIN NOW "I haven't had their Maudite in a while, but after reading that review, I am still noticing that "Blue Moon" taste.  Like a wheat/citrusy combo that crosses between most of their brews that I sampled.  This is rather complex...reading "brown rum" in the description which could be adding to this toasty/citrus flavors I am tasting.  Also some sweet and tart fruits, yeast, and spices. Murky darker brown appearance with a thin white head that quickly dissipates.  Carbonation on the heavier side, but not quite a bubbly beer.  Not as much chocolate malt here as the Maudite, as this represents more of an Imperial Brown/Belgian Ale.  Doesn't quite stand out as elite, but I wouldn't hesitate to try again." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a deep, opaque brown with a thick and rich head. Aroma is nice, unusual, very fruity, more like that of a cider. Very pleasing flavor has strong pear overtones, is mostly malty with some smoky hints." END
BEGIN NOW "I don't know why the other Canadian brewers can't make a good beer. This is my fourth style of Unibroue and each of them is absolutely outstanding. This one is very dark brown in color and full of complex rich sweet malt." END
BEGIN NOW "Pours a semi-clear copper color with a massive head that goes down fairly quick.  Nice amount of carbonation, lots of little bubbles in the glass.  Aroma is full of sour fruits and yeast with a nice wine kick to it.  Taste is very interesting for a BSA, first thing you notice is a roasted brown sugar kick (Think beef jerky).  Also to note is the nice bready feeling to the beer.  Very smooth.  You can feel the burn with this one after a while.  Overall a very nice BSA." END
BEGIN NOW "Poured a thick 1/2" foamy light brown head. Has a dark brown almond colour. Nicely carbonated and ok lacing. Aromas of light malts and hints of vanilla. Flavours of strong roasted malts and mild chocolate like flavours as well. Somewhat bitter. Still goes down nicely, does not seem like a beer of 9% abv. Good stuff." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Canadian liquor stores love to bring in Eastern European lagers for whatever reason.  This is one of them.  A typical pale gold lager with a short-lived head.  Corn and skunk in the aroma, and an overly sweet malt flavour." END
BEGIN NOW ""Pick-A-Six" #2. Beer #6. Utenos. All and all a very pleasant beer.  Nice aroma.  Good texture and goes down very smooth.  Taste is different and hard to describe but is nice.  Will have again." END
BEGIN NOW "500 ml bottle, courtesy of Cardinal pub, Stavanger. ABV is 5%. Pale golden colour, large head. Moderate sweetish aroma with notes of pale lager wort, hints of maize (corn) too, some fruity aromatic hops. Moderate carbonation in the glass, soft mouthfeel. The flavour has some malty sweetness and tolerable hops in the finish. Not too bad for a standard pale lager, but I preferred their Pilsener." END
BEGIN NOW "Yellow colour, small white head. Metallic aroma with hints of skunked hops. Exactly same in flavour. Total crap our most loved Alko has imported yet again. " END
BEGIN NOW "A good little lager here from Lithuania. Unfiltered glory here, grassy and bready with a nice hop kick on the swallow that lingers into sourness. Better than the average eurolager." END
BEGIN NOW No Information Available END
BEGIN NOW "Sharp, musty aroma that is offset by a healthy dose of sugar and honey.  Hazy golden-orange body with a large rocky head and thick lacing.  Bubbly and filling, strongly carbonated followed by a stinging aftertaste and a hint of cardboard.  Candi sugar, Belgian yeast, bread dough, and grassy flavors are somewhat balanced by a green hop presence.  Solid strong ale, bordering on a Tripel or vise versa I suppose, who really knows." END
BEGIN NOW "Brew looks dirty yellow with orange hints a very tall white rocky cap with long lasting retention and leaves behind spotty lacing. Sour yeast/wheat aroma with hints of spice. Aroma is standard and uninteresting. Taste is bold and full flavoured with a big heavy well carbonated body. Malts are heavy and made up of dark wheat flavours.  Alcohol and a warm spice shows up in the finish. Beer is clean tasting and enjoyable." END
BEGIN NOW "Presentation: Poured from a 330ml/11.2oz bottle in to a tulip glass.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Appearance: It has a soft and hazy orange amber color with an outstanding, huge white head. It is thick and foamy with stiff rocky peaks that last forever.  END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Smell: The aroma is fruity with spice and yeast. There are some light hints of alcohol and hops in the background as well. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Taste/Mouth feel: the flavor is well balanced with earthy yeast, smooth spices and fruity notes of apple and pear, maybe even a hint of pineapple and sour orange peal. The malts are grainy and doughy and there is a mild hops presence that adds some light bitterness. All of this is wrapped up in a medium body with a lively carbonation. The 8% abv. is well hidden and the finish is fairly dry. END
BEGIN NOW " END
BEGIN NOW "Pours with a frothy, initially three-finger thick, pale tan colored head.  The beer is a clear, slightly orange tinged, copper color and even more so when held up to the light.  Sweet and fruity smelling in the nose, but it has a certain note that seems a bit like over-ripe cheese or perhaps even moldy fruit.  A touch spicy towards the finish as well, the nose also has some toasty grain character towards the end.  The nose is not all that appetizing, though it is certainly interesting. END
BEGIN NOW "Pour was golden orange with a head that was just plain out of control. Aroma of funky yeast and horseblanket.  The flavor was citrus and pear with a horsey funk.  This is the 3rd in my mixed Belgian sixpack and each one had an out of control head, sour lambic-like flavoring and an overcarbonated mouthfeel.  I'm beginning to feel I didn't get such a bargain after all." END
